Name of the employee is Doğancan Dalyan. Works is in Engineering department as Technical Co Founder. Manager of the employee is Nazım Salur
Name of the employee is Murat Saral. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Manager. Manager of the employee is Rüçhan Arda
Name of the employee is Mustafa İnci. Works is in Supply Chain department as Quality Documentation and Reporting Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burcu Aksoy (qse)
Name of the employee is Metin Bülent Yener. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Abdullah Akyüz
Name of the employee is Mevlüt Ayçiçek. Works is in Supply Chain department as Franchise Quality Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burcu Aksoy (qse)
Name of the employee is Ramiz Zafer. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Abdullah Akyüz
Name of the employee is Erol Kundakçı. Works is in Operations department as Equipment Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Orçun Gültakan
Name of the employee is Erdem Parlaksu. Works is in Operations department as Head of GIS. Manager of the employee is Hatice Evren
Name of the employee is Mahsum Akkurt. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Güven Şen
Name of the employee is Ali Kaan Özdemir. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Executive. Manager of the employee is Ercan Çiftçi
Name of the employee is Cemal Topçu. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ali Kaan Özdemir
Name of the employee is Bilent Akdeniz. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Specialist (Crate & Pallet). Manager of the employee is Anılcan Cankat
Name of the employee is Yunus Emre Çankaya. Works is in Growth department as Growth Manager. Manager of the employee is Seçil Bilgiç Keleşoğlu
Name of the employee is Hasan Hüseyin Bakan. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Güven Şen
Name of the employee is Tuncay Tütek. Works is in Management department as Co Founder. Manager of the employee is Nazım Salur
Name of the employee is Batuhan Gültakan. Works is in Management department as Chief Executive Officer. Manager of the employee is Nazım Salur
Name of the employee is Mert Salur. Works is in People department as Co Founder / Director of Culture. Manager of the employee is Selin Barlın Aral
Name of the employee is Mehmet Yalçınkaya. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Manager. Manager of the employee is Erhan İnanılır
Name of the employee is Cemil Aydoğ Kanbur. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Abdullah Akyüz
Name of the employee is Furkan Kanbur. Works is in Operations department as Operations Manager, GetirBüyük. Manager of the employee is Murat İlgin
Name of the employee is Ayhan Çakmak. Works is in Supply Chain department as Franchise Quality Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burcu Aksoy (qse)
Name of the employee is Halil Kaya. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ali Kaan Özdemir
Name of the employee is Ahmet Oğuzhan Başar. Works is in Product department as Senior Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Hulusi Duru İlter
Name of the employee is Semih Akar. Works is in Data department as Data and Business Algorithms Director. Manager of the employee is Hatice Evren
Name of the employee is Ayşe Akın Dönmez. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Excellence Manager. Manager of the employee is Rüçhan Arda
Name of the employee is Ulutan Yamak. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Executive. Manager of the employee is Cem Danon
Name of the employee is Tolga Ateş. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Muhammed Gökdemir
Name of the employee is Şahin Kara. Works is in Product department as Associate Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Anıl Karamanlıoğlu
Name of the employee is Murat Cenk Batman. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Hatice Evren
Name of the employee is Doğukan Ocak. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Ant Everett
Name of the employee is Cansu Çopuroğlu. Works is in Management department as RGM Office. Manager of the employee is Osman Berker Yağcı
Name of the employee is Mustafa Ünlü. Works is in Supply Chain department as Franchise Quality Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burcu Aksoy (qse)
Name of the employee is Engin Benlikaya. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Excellence Manager. Manager of the employee is Onur Karaaslan
Name of the employee is Şükrü Zorlu. Works is in Supply Chain department as Quality Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burcu Aksoy (qse)
Name of the employee is Yiğit Kaan Çavuşoğlu. Works is in Product department as Senior Program Manager. Manager of the employee is Hulusi Duru İlter
Name of the employee is Melik Şeyhoğlu. Works is in Supply Chain department as Quality Manager. Manager of the employee is Hakan Kal
Name of the employee is Bülent Çağlar Ergin. Works is in Operations department as Chief Operations Officer. Manager of the employee is Nazım Salur
Name of the employee is Yılmaz Söyleyici. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Full Stack. Manager of the employee is Orhan Kemal Elçi
Name of the employee is İhsan Netaşlı. Works is in Supply Chain department as Distribution Planning & Logistics Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Baris Ozman
Name of the employee is Berkay Gedik. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Executive. Manager of the employee is Gökberk Bilici
Name of the employee is Nazif Varol. Works is in Operations department as Store Conversion Operations & Field Executive. Manager of the employee is Doğancan Güneş
Name of the employee is Eser Ercan Akın. Works is in Data department as Lead Data Analyst. Manager of the employee is Samiye Gülru Ilıcalı
Name of the employee is Cengiz Aydın. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Abdullah Akyüz
Name of the employee is Fatih Kuş. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Executive. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Kurtini
Name of the employee is Elif Üstündağ Ergin. Works is in Supply Chain department as Demand Planning Manager. Manager of the employee is Alexander Streefkerk
Name of the employee is Burak Tekeroğlu. Works is in Operations department as Special Projects Executive. Manager of the employee is Banu Akgün
Name of the employee is Zerrin Azman. Works is in Marketing department as Regional Marketing Performance Manager. Manager of the employee is Nicholas Alexander Casby
Name of the employee is Nazlı Selin Tan. Works is in Growth department as Head of Growth. Manager of the employee is Kristof Van Beveren
Name of the employee is Murat Can Bayrakçı. Works is in Supply Chain department as Category Planning Manager. Manager of the employee is Serdar Can Sarlayan
Name of the employee is Artun Kiraz. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Executive. Manager of the employee is Safa Ünal
Name of the employee is Gözde Özcan. Works is in People department as Senior People Business Partner Office. Manager of the employee is Toni Cairns
Name of the employee is Meltem Başkaya. Works is in Legal department as Legal Director. Manager of the employee is Hatice Senem Uysal
Name of the employee is Şükrü Günay. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Full Stack. Manager of the employee is Orhan Kemal Elçi
Name of the employee is Nazım Salur. Works is in Management department as Founder. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Mustafa Görkem Yılmazkarasu. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Internal Audit Manager. Manager of the employee is Cem Çamlıdere
Name of the employee is Erdoğan Çetintuna. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Executive. Manager of the employee is Murat Saral
Name of the employee is Zeynep Saygılı Peksevin. Works is in Management department as CEO Office Manager. Manager of the employee is Nazım Salur
Name of the employee is Zübeyde Savaş. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Office Support Staff. Manager of the employee is Halit Öztürk
Name of the employee is Dilek Özkan. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Office Support Staff. Manager of the employee is Bilge Bilgin
Name of the employee is Ecenaz Demir. Works is in Product department as Product Designer. Manager of the employee is Hüseyin Emanet
Name of the employee is Hulusi Duru İlter. Works is in Product department as Product Director. Manager of the employee is Kaan Emeç
Name of the employee is Alp Hamidoğlu. Works is in People department as People Department Director, Central Functions. Manager of the employee is Başak Evrim Daltaban
Name of the employee is Görkem Öner. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Office Support Staff. Manager of the employee is Halit Öztürk
Name of the employee is Özlem Salur. Works is in People department as Culture Ambassador. Manager of the employee is Nazım Salur
Name of the employee is Abdullah Aktel. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Algorithm. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Ethem Demirci
Name of the employee is Mehmet Ata Devli. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Can Sözeri
Name of the employee is Said Burhan Özsoy. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Emre Erkek
Name of the employee is Beste Bulut. Works is in Commercial department as Revenue Management Manager. Manager of the employee is Kadir Yılmaz
Name of the employee is Şermin Çağlar. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Office Support Staff. Manager of the employee is Bilge Bilgin
Name of the employee is Eray Ataş. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Corporate Communications Executive. Manager of the employee is Dilge Berktaş
Name of the employee is Sıla Arslan. Works is in Growth department as Growth Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Hazel Dilruba Akyüz
Name of the employee is Filiz Peltek. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Mansur Uyar
Name of the employee is Evren Karademir Ortakçı. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Director. Manager of the employee is Onur Aşık
Name of the employee is Çağrı Koca. Works is in Operations department as Fleet Specialist. Manager of the employee is Serkan Aslan
Name of the employee is Hazel Dilruba Akyüz. Works is in Growth department as Growth Operations Manager. Manager of the employee is Ali İhsan Eren
Name of the employee is Ömer Çakıcı. Works is in Operations department as Special Projects Executive. Manager of the employee is Buse Atasever Birbir
Name of the employee is Serhat Karakaya. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Corporate Communications Director. Manager of the employee is Tuncay Tütek
Name of the employee is Alara Arıkan. Works is in People department as People Business Partner. Manager of the employee is Giordano Mettus
Name of the employee is Göktuğ Şar. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Executive. Manager of the employee is Kaan Koray Kümbet
Name of the employee is Selim Akgün. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Office Support Staff. Manager of the employee is Atanur Küçük
Name of the employee is Muhammet Yurduseven. Works is in Engineering department as Network Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Tarık Üstüner
Name of the employee is Hasan Tekin. Works is in Marketing department as Motion Graphic Designer. Manager of the employee is İlay Karateke
Name of the employee is Serkan Borançılı. Works is in Management department as Founder. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Murat Gülen. Works is in Operations department as Head of Global Operational Development. Manager of the employee is Metin Hacıoğlu
Name of the employee is Erdem Erden. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Manager. Manager of the employee is Romain Chabernaud
Name of the employee is Atanur Küçük. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Administrative Affairs Executive. Manager of the employee is Yasin Tokuş
Name of the employee is Begüm Yitikgil. Works is in Finance department as Sales Finance Specialist. Manager of the employee is Damla Işılay
Name of the employee is Arda Yenen. Works is in People department as Talent Acquisition Excellence and Strategy Executive. Manager of the employee is Richard Edward Ranson
Name of the employee is Barış Eskici. Works is in Operations department as Operational Efficiency Specialist. Manager of the employee is Emine Turhan
Name of the employee is Derya Erdemli. Works is in Strategy department as Chief Strategy Officer. Manager of the employee is Nazım Salur
Name of the employee is Seren Ocak. Works is in Product department as Regional Product Localization Lead. Manager of the employee is Orkun Kaan Türeyyen
Name of the employee is Kemal Özgür Yücel. Works is in Commercial department as Head of Category Purchasing. Manager of the employee is Batuhan Gültakan
Name of the employee is Çetin Sadıkoğlu. Works is in People department as People Business Partner. Manager of the employee is Nezihe Dilek Ergüz
Name of the employee is Yiğit Çetinel. Works is in Data department as Senior Data Science & Analytics Manager. Manager of the employee is Semih Akar
Name of the employee is Özlem Ekinci. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Office Support Staff. Manager of the employee is Halit Öztürk
Name of the employee is Roman Kunitsyn. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Umut Sayar
Name of the employee is Fatih Yeşilkeklik. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ali Kaan Özdemir
Name of the employee is Mehmet Murat Akpınar. Works is in Operations department as Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is Levent Isli
Name of the employee is Çağrı Saraç. Works is in Operations department as Technical Facility Manager. Manager of the employee is Erkan Güsar
Name of the employee is Ruken Taştan Aras. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ozan Güngör
Name of the employee is Samiye Gülru Ilıcalı. Works is in Growth department as Growth Director. Manager of the employee is Yasemin Çelikboy
Name of the employee is Beste Alıcı. Works is in Operations department as Store Conversion Operational Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Deniz Saydam
Name of the employee is Abdülmecit Özdemir. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Emre Sebat
Name of the employee is Mobeen Ahmad Warraich. Works is in Transformation department as Operational Performance Lead. Manager of the employee is Gabriele Tagliavia
Name of the employee is Ahmet Dedeoğlu. Works is in Operations department as Global Operations Director. Manager of the employee is Hatice Evren
Name of the employee is Gökhan Bilgin. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer II - Android - Java. Manager of the employee is Bedirhan Güven
Name of the employee is Mehmetcan Evrenol. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Relations Executive. Manager of the employee is Osman Burak Işık
Name of the employee is Erdem Coşkun. Works is in Indirect Procurement department as Procurement Manager, Getir Water. Manager of the employee is Burcu Yavuz Altan
Name of the employee is Oğuzhan Döngül. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer II - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Bedirhan Güven
Name of the employee is Mehmet Yiğit İnci. Works is in Finance department as Financial Analyst. Manager of the employee is Özgün Cankurt
Name of the employee is Mesut Çukuryurt. Works is in Finance department as MDM Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hikmet Özer
Name of the employee is Demet Coşkun. Works is in Customer Services department as System & Process Specialist. Manager of the employee is Kıvılcım Karalı
Name of the employee is Derya Demirkapı. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Crisis Management Executive. Manager of the employee is Şevkiye Canbulat
Name of the employee is Atakan Pekli. Works is in Legal department as Legal Manager. Manager of the employee is Meltem Başkaya
Name of the employee is Bayram Tursu. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Soner Altay
Name of the employee is Ali Emir Çakmak. Works is in Operations department as Operations Manager. Manager of the employee is Özgür Vahit Saltı
Name of the employee is Ahmet Çoruh. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ali Kaan Özdemir
Name of the employee is Bensu Kaplan. Works is in Sales department as Key Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Bora Ertan
Name of the employee is Yalçın Çandır. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Kamış
Name of the employee is Görkem Bektaş. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Training Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hamit Çıtak
Name of the employee is İsmail Cumalı. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Onboarding Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Yalçınkaya
Name of the employee is Emre Ulugöl. Works is in Operations department as Global Operations Support Manager . Manager of the employee is Ahmet Dedeoğlu
Name of the employee is Simge Güçalp. Works is in Finance department as Chief Strategic Finance Officer. Manager of the employee is Osman Yılmaz
Name of the employee is Muhammet Emre Gür. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ayşe Akın Dönmez
Name of the employee is Vedat Bicerano. Works is in Sales department as Area Sales Manager. Manager of the employee is Arcan Umut Dağezen
Name of the employee is Emre Kırveli. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Lead. Manager of the employee is Langston Dugger
Name of the employee is Ceyhan Günergök. Works is in Operations department as Fleet Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Soner Karan
Name of the employee is Özge Kanbur. Works is in Sales department as Sales Development & Performance Manager. Manager of the employee is Halit Hakan Devecel
Name of the employee is Seyhan Arman. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ayşe Akın Dönmez
Name of the employee is Emrah Karaman. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Erdoğan Çetintuna
Name of the employee is Murat Sernikli. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ali Kaan Özdemir
Name of the employee is Semih Ergüven. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Executive. Manager of the employee is Murat Saral
Name of the employee is Anıl Şengün. Works is in Sales department as Regional Sales & Account Supervisor. Manager of the employee is Serkan Çiçek
Name of the employee is Soner Karan. Works is in Operations department as Fleet Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Serkan Aslan
Name of the employee is Ayça Karahan. Works is in Supply Chain department as Master Data EDI Associate. Manager of the employee is Serdar Can Sarlayan
Name of the employee is Halit Hakan Devecel. Works is in Sales department as Sales Director. Manager of the employee is Yasemin Çelikboy
Name of the employee is Şafak Gül. Works is in Growth department as Growth Commercial Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Görkem Ergül
Name of the employee is Yiğiter Ahmet Türk. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Koray İspir
Name of the employee is Öykü Keskin. Works is in Commercial department as Regional Commercial Manager. Manager of the employee is Oliver Jacob Bishop
Name of the employee is Barışcan Büyükaras. Works is in Supply Chain department as Category Planning Manager. Manager of the employee is Romain Chabernaud
Name of the employee is Burcu Korkmaz. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Relations Executive. Manager of the employee is Osman Burak Işık
Name of the employee is Suat Polat. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Doğukan Ocak
Name of the employee is Sacide Yalçın. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Can Sözeri
Name of the employee is Burcu Erduran. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Administrative Affairs Specialist. Manager of the employee is Atanur Küçük
Name of the employee is Turancan Salur. Works is in Management department as Chief of Staff. Manager of the employee is Nazım Salur
Name of the employee is Seher Alkılıç. Works is in Sales department as Key Account Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Külüşlü
Name of the employee is Emine Turhan. Works is in Operations department as Operational Efficiency Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Neslihan Özçil Örkiz
Name of the employee is Furkan Artar. Works is in Growth department as Growth Commercial Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Görkem Ergül
Name of the employee is Merve Özdemir. Works is in Sales department as Key Account Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Külüşlü
Name of the employee is Hakan Parlu. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Ayçın Kocabıyık
Name of the employee is Osman Furkan Uyar. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js . Manager of the employee is Emre Sebat
Name of the employee is Mustafa Manap. Works is in Operations department as Operations Performance Executive. Manager of the employee is Sait Alpar Saydağ
Name of the employee is Ezgi Edebali Akar. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tuğba Kurtini
Name of the employee is Emine Yılan. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Erhan Kalınbaçoğlu
Name of the employee is Süheyla Rende Ak. Works is in People department as Organizational Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Nalan Yıldırım Özgür
Name of the employee is Hamdi Özgür Akaoğlu. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Algorithm. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Ethem Demirci
Name of the employee is Yasin Tomaç. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Executive. Manager of the employee is Gökberk Bilici
Name of the employee is Gamze Çiftçi. Works is in Operations department as Global Product Integration Manager. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Dedeoğlu
Name of the employee is Mehmet İkbal Özmen. Works is in Data department as Data Science Manager. Manager of the employee is Yiğit Çetinel
Name of the employee is Galip Onur Demiralay. Works is in Operations department as Performance Manager. Manager of the employee is Samuel David O'brien Ader
Name of the employee is İrem Namlısoy. Works is in Management department as Partnership Director. Manager of the employee is Batuhan Gültakan
Name of the employee is Şaban İşler. Works is in Finance department as Finance Manager. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Tahir Yumukoğlu
Name of the employee is Adalet Serbest. Works is in Business Development department as Business Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Alper Tekin
Name of the employee is Baturay Öz. Works is in Supply Chain department as Demand Planning Manager. Manager of the employee is Alexander Streefkerk
Name of the employee is Eda İlgar. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ali Çağrı Sarak
Name of the employee is Egem Yağmur Palancıoğlu. Works is in Commercial department as Marketing Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Gülşah Yıldız
Name of the employee is Mustafa İnce. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Onboarding Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Yalçınkaya
Name of the employee is Elif Maro. Works is in Strategy department as Head of Projects. Manager of the employee is Derya Erdemli
Name of the employee is Sinan Argun. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Zekeriya Koç
Name of the employee is Semiha Çatalbaş. Works is in Marketing department as Design Team Leader. Manager of the employee is John Christopher Cottrell
Name of the employee is Nafi Ahmet Turgut. Works is in Data department as Senior Data Science & Analytics Manager. Manager of the employee is Semih Akar
Name of the employee is Senem Çelebi. Works is in Sales department as Key Account Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Bora Ertan
Name of the employee is Gamze Geçitbayat. Works is in Engineering department as Software Support Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Fatih Bademli
Name of the employee is Bartu Berat Sarıgül. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Digital Marketing Manager. Manager of the employee is Vishal Verma
Name of the employee is Tunahan Yediel. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer II - Platform. Manager of the employee is Erinç Erensoy
Name of the employee is Fatma Bilge Ecer. Works is in Commercial department as Category Buying Manager. Manager of the employee is Andreas Vente
Name of the employee is Alen Ege Erboğa. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Macarena Suarez
Name of the employee is Cihan Baş. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Pedro Gil Carvalho
Name of the employee is Onur Kıvrak. Works is in Marketing department as Internal Design Leader. Manager of the employee is Feridun Çağkan Yüksel
Name of the employee is Özge Yılmaz. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Planning and Analytics Manager. Manager of the employee is Didem Alpinanç
Name of the employee is Hakan Kara. Works is in Supply Chain department as Franchise Quality Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burcu Aksoy (qse)
Name of the employee is Eren Yıldırım. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Russell Forster
Name of the employee is Alparslan Çelik. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar (gysem)
Name of the employee is Mustafa Soylu. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Private Driver. Manager of the employee is Serkan Borançılı
Name of the employee is İlker Gökalp. Works is in Transformation department as Regional Transformation Manager. Manager of the employee is Daniel Glusman
Name of the employee is Anıl Karamanlıoğlu. Works is in Product department as Product Director. Manager of the employee is Yasemin Çelikboy
Name of the employee is Buğra Ayhan. Works is in Growth department as Growth Strategy Executive. Manager of the employee is Doğa Mağden
Name of the employee is Kamil Saka. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Marketing Executive. Manager of the employee is Neslişah Bayraktar Emiroğlu
Name of the employee is Emre Boran. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Algorithm. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Ethem Demirci
Name of the employee is Cem Asma. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Cihan Baş
Name of the employee is Furkan Yuşa Gemici. Works is in Commercial department as Planogram Specialist. Manager of the employee is Cansu Şener
Name of the employee is Begüm Azimli. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Serkan Doğantekin
Name of the employee is Serhat Özcan. Works is in Strategy department as Performance Manager. Manager of the employee is Derya Erdemli
Name of the employee is Selim Caba. Works is in Operations department as Maintenance & Repair Specialist. Manager of the employee is Çağrı Saraç
Name of the employee is Elif Gül Ulu. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Hülya Yıldız Yılmaz
Name of the employee is Zeynep Engintepe. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Hulusi Duru İlter
Name of the employee is Bahadır Eden. Works is in Supply Chain department as Demand & Planning Lead. Manager of the employee is Pasquale Nugnes
Name of the employee is Erdinç İspir. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Ayçın Kocabıyık
Name of the employee is Zeynep Damla Manav. Works is in Operations department as Global Operations Quality Lead. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Dedeoğlu
Name of the employee is Doğancan Güneş. Works is in Operations department as Store Conversion Operations & Field Region Manager. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Deniz Saydam
Name of the employee is Yusuf Can Çakır. Works is in Operations department as Own Delivery Excellence Executive. Manager of the employee is Cem Danon
Name of the employee is Onur Menteşe. Works is in Supply Chain department as Data Management Specialist. Manager of the employee is Benjamin Brazier
Name of the employee is Harun Keleşoğlu. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Umut Sayar
Name of the employee is Boğaçhan Korkusuz. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Transformation Executive. Manager of the employee is Emir Levent Serim
Name of the employee is Bilgin Koşucu. Works is in Data department as Lead Data Analyst. Manager of the employee is Semih Akar
Name of the employee is Doğan Çelik. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Administrative Affairs Specialist. Manager of the employee is Atanur Küçük
Name of the employee is Tuğberk Ayar. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - Algorithm. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Ethem Demirci
Name of the employee is Özgün Cankurt. Works is in Finance department as Controlling Manager. Manager of the employee is David Vincent
Name of the employee is Levent Özer. Works is in Operations department as Maintenance & Repair Specialist. Manager of the employee is Çağrı Saraç
Name of the employee is Hazal Tıkır. Works is in Special Projects department as Marketing Manager. Manager of the employee is Mario Adler
Name of the employee is Ferhat Bolelli. Works is in Growth department as Growth Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Samiye Gülru Ilıcalı
Name of the employee is Mutlu Polatcan. Works is in Data department as Staff Data Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Hüseyin Yağız Yanıkoğlu
Name of the employee is Mehmet Emin İmirhan. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Russell Forster
Name of the employee is Anıl Açıkyıldız. Works is in Commercial department as Category Purchasing Manager. Manager of the employee is Kemal Özgür Yücel
Name of the employee is Nur Erciyas. Works is in Commercial department as Regional Partnerships Lead. Manager of the employee is Sukru Dagdelen
Name of the employee is İlhan Can Evrensel. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Digital Marketing Manager. Manager of the employee is Vishal Verma
Name of the employee is Mehmet Özenç Akça. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Ali Karzan
Name of the employee is Aşkın Kurnaz. Works is in Operations department as Property Development Manager. Manager of the employee is Erkan Güsar
Name of the employee is Yusuf Ziya Hüseyinoğlu. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Specialist. Manager of the employee is Yasin Tomaç
Name of the employee is Hatice Yünlü Ergon. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar (gysem)
Name of the employee is Merve Ayçiçek. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Hulusi Duru İlter
Name of the employee is Fatih Çakıroğlu. Works is in Operations department as Operations Regional Manager, GetirBüyük. Manager of the employee is Furkan Kanbur
Name of the employee is Şefiye Kan. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Office Support Staff. Manager of the employee is Halit Öztürk
Name of the employee is Tuğçe Yıldırım. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Birnur Çakır
Name of the employee is Cemre Çalhan. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Derya Çınar Yaslıtaş
Name of the employee is Can Aycil. Works is in Operations department as Store Conversion Performance Manager. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Deniz Saydam
Name of the employee is Emrah Şat. Works is in Business Development department as Business Development Manager. Manager of the employee is Elif Çar Albey
Name of the employee is Pınar Yaşar. Works is in Data department as Senior Data Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Hüseyin Yağız Yanıkoğlu
Name of the employee is Alper Hacıkurtiş. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Onboarding Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Yalçınkaya
Name of the employee is Merve Seval Kaya. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ekrem Özdemir
Name of the employee is Muhammed Gökdemir. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Executive. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Kurtini
Name of the employee is Fatih Özcan. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ali Kaan Özdemir
Name of the employee is Hatice Evren. Works is in Management department as Chief of Global Business Functions. Manager of the employee is Nazım Salur
Name of the employee is Muhammet Aziz Arslan. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Emre Turan
Name of the employee is Ahmet Şimşek. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Eniz Gülek
Name of the employee is Azat Göktaş. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Hamza Burak Yılmaz
Name of the employee is Ruken Katar. Works is in Growth department as Growth Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Samiye Gülru Ilıcalı
Name of the employee is Rüçhan Arda. Works is in Health & Safety department as Safety Director. Manager of the employee is Selin Barlın Aral
Name of the employee is Bahadır Mezgil. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Hürkan Akbıyık
Name of the employee is Gözde Uzun. Works is in Indirect Procurement department as Head of Procurement Excellence. Manager of the employee is Metin Hacıoğlu
Name of the employee is Osman Berker Yağcı. Works is in Management department as Regional General Manager. Manager of the employee is Nazım Salur
Name of the employee is Sema Güler. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Yasemin Kuas
Name of the employee is Ömer Faruk İnce. Works is in Commercial department as Marketing Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Gülşah Yıldız
Name of the employee is Aslı Kenar. Works is in Commercial department as Category Purchasing Executive. Manager of the employee is Melike Sağlam
Name of the employee is İbrahim Alkan. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Russell Forster
Name of the employee is Berkay Çavuş. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Emre Sebat
Name of the employee is Enver Atak. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Çetin (scfsm)
Name of the employee is Eray Şuvman. Works is in Finance department as SC Finance Executive. Manager of the employee is Gonca Ertürk
Name of the employee is Ayşen Demirel Oral. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Erdi Ay
Name of the employee is Alihan Pocar. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Performance Analyst I - Algorithm. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Emin Örmeci
Name of the employee is Faruk Çınaroğlu. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ali Kaan Özdemir
Name of the employee is Zafer Karadaş. Works is in Operations department as Maintenance & Repair Specialist. Manager of the employee is Çağrı Saraç
Name of the employee is İsa Fatih Elçi. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Oğuz Özdökmeci
Name of the employee is Deniz Kankal. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Specialist. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Uğur
Name of the employee is Ümit Baş. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ercan Çiftçi
Name of the employee is Burak Döker. Works is in Operations department as Field Projects Executive. Manager of the employee is Güray Gürsönmez
Name of the employee is Emrah Acar. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Specialist. Manager of the employee is Özcan Yakar
Name of the employee is Ahmet Kıvanç Karaca. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Training Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ümit Nuray
Name of the employee is Bahtiyar Aydemir. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Executive. Manager of the employee is Murat Saral
Name of the employee is Hasan Çetinkaya. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Training Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hamit Çıtak
Name of the employee is Savaş Karagöz. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Fatih Kuş
Name of the employee is Enes Eminler. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Bünyamin Akın
Name of the employee is Esen Cömert. Works is in Commercial department as Head of Category Purchasing. Manager of the employee is Batuhan Gültakan
Name of the employee is Bünyamin Akın. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Muhammet Aziz Arslan
Name of the employee is Akif Erikci. Works is in Sales department as Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is Vedat Bicerano
Name of the employee is Berk Sünetci. Works is in Operations department as Global G-Store Architect. Manager of the employee is Yunus Göktaş
Name of the employee is Baransel Soysal. Works is in Product department as Senior Program Manager. Manager of the employee is Hulusi Duru İlter
Name of the employee is Beril Aygenç. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Digital Marketing Manager. Manager of the employee is İlay Karateke
Name of the employee is Mustafa Şişman. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar (gysem)
Name of the employee is Beyza Barut. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Umut Sayar
Name of the employee is Aslıhan Dalkılınç Uçarsu. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar (gysem)
Name of the employee is İrem Şahin. Works is in Data department as Lead Data Scientist. Manager of the employee is Samiye Gülru Ilıcalı
Name of the employee is Mustafa Erdem Köşk. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Ali Karzan
Name of the employee is Yağmur Yama. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ali Çağrı Sarak
Name of the employee is Fatma Şahan. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Yasemin Kuas
Name of the employee is Ömer Orbay. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Manager. Manager of the employee is Alper Ertürk
Name of the employee is Ali İhsan Büyük. Works is in Operations department as Property Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is Derya Yücedağ
Name of the employee is Özge Gökkaya. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Çetin (scfsm)
Name of the employee is Zafer Seçkin. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Çetin (scfsm)
Name of the employee is Onur Akgüner. Works is in Operations department as Fleet Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Soner Karan
Name of the employee is Cansu Karahasanoğlu Bal. Works is in R&D department as R&D Process Manager. Manager of the employee is Hatice Evren
Name of the employee is Eda Özpoyraz. Works is in People department as Global Talent Projects Director. Manager of the employee is Milena Scekic
Name of the employee is Sena Keseci Yavuz. Works is in Customer Services department as Information Management Specialist. Manager of the employee is Kıvılcım Karalı
Name of the employee is Tuğçe Sinem Yazar. Works is in Operations department as Operations Performance & System Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Emir Oltulugil
Name of the employee is Aytaç Testereci. Works is in Engineering department as Software Support Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Fatih Bademli
Name of the employee is Hakan Ayaz. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Enes Emre Aktuğ
Name of the employee is Doğan Kaya. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Çetin (scfsm)
Name of the employee is Hikmet Uyası. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ali Çağrı Sarak
Name of the employee is Buse Bektik. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Birnur Çakır
Name of the employee is Süleyman Çağrı Kaplan. Works is in GetirFinance department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Hülya Yıldız Yılmaz
Name of the employee is Hulusi Önel. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Zekeriya Koç
Name of the employee is Akın Küçüköncü. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Executive. Manager of the employee is Gökberk Bilici
Name of the employee is Sevim Çelik. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Yasemin Kuas
Name of the employee is Gökhan Sağlam. Works is in Operations department as Operations Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is Metin Erdem Kol
Name of the employee is Olgu Koçoğlu. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Emre Erkek
Name of the employee is Yalçın Günal. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Automation Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Jonatas Josue Kirsch
Name of the employee is Esat Akyol. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - Platform. Manager of the employee is Erinç Erensoy
Name of the employee is Erdem Erünsal. Works is in Finance department as OPEX Controlling Manager. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Tahir Yumukoğlu
Name of the employee is Zeynep Yılmaz. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ekrem Özdemir
Name of the employee is Yusuf Uzunkaya. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ebru Kara
Name of the employee is Kadir Aslan. Works is in Operations department as Catalog Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nihal Yıldız
Name of the employee is Mehmet Mansur Uyar. Works is in Customer Services department as Process Design & Development Manager. Manager of the employee is Onur Aşık
Name of the employee is Aylin Fırat. Works is in Product department as Senior Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Anıl Karamanlıoğlu
Name of the employee is Muhammet Meral. Works is in Operations department as GIS Executive. Manager of the employee is Gülşah Uysal
Name of the employee is Tuğçe Soysal. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Quality & Learning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Duygu Çolak
Name of the employee is Gökhan Baş. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Murat Kurt
Name of the employee is Müge Zeynep Gönlüşen. Works is in Commercial department as Regional Commercial Associate. Manager of the employee is Kadir Mert Yörür
Name of the employee is Fatih Turgut. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Enrique Salazar Sebastiani
Name of the employee is Onur Yabanabat. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Hulusi Duru İlter
Name of the employee is Osman Mert Acar. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Emre Tanhan
Name of the employee is Cem Danon. Works is in Business Development department as Business Development & Operations Director. Manager of the employee is Yasemin Çelikboy
Name of the employee is Onur Pekşen. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Bahtiyar Aydemir
Name of the employee is İsmail Can Açar. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Services Specialist (Reverse Logistics). Manager of the employee is Anılcan Cankat
Name of the employee is Merve Kamış. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Osman Kömürcü
Name of the employee is Elif Gündüz. Works is in Finance department as MDM Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hikmet Özer
Name of the employee is Mert İnce. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Mert Burnaz
Name of the employee is Bedirhan Arslan. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Çağla Gülcan
Name of the employee is Ömer İldoğan. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Erhan Kalınbaçoğlu
Name of the employee is Derya Memiş. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Erhan Kalınbaçoğlu
Name of the employee is Fatma Göksu Taşsilen. Works is in Customer Services department as System & Process Specialist. Manager of the employee is Kıvılcım Karalı
Name of the employee is Pınar Morkoç. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tuğba Kurtini
Name of the employee is Nihat Oral. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ercan Çiftçi
Name of the employee is Umut Can Yurtalan. Works is in Product department as Product Design Manager. Manager of the employee is Orkun Kaan Türeyyen
Name of the employee is Alp Aris. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Development Manager. Manager of the employee is Bora Tanrıverdi
Name of the employee is Gizem Önduygu. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Wendell Oscar Tobin
Name of the employee is Merve Duygu Nergis Akdeniz. Works is in Product department as Scrum Master II. Manager of the employee is Orkun Kaan Türeyyen
Name of the employee is Erhan Toy. Works is in Operations department as Operations Manager. Manager of the employee is Langston Dugger
Name of the employee is Enes Furkan Sağlam. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ercan Çiftçi
Name of the employee is Umut Duran. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Selim Dalseven
Name of the employee is Gamze Külcü. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Begüm Şimşek
Name of the employee is Yücel Çelik. Works is in Operations department as Equipment Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Orçun Gültakan
Name of the employee is Gamze Coşkun. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Birnur Çakır
Name of the employee is Muzaffer Yıldırım. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Serhan Geboloğlu
Name of the employee is Eda Nevşehirli. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Carecall Specialist. Manager of the employee is Çağla Gülcan
Name of the employee is Eren Şen. Works is in Transformation department as Transformation Manager. Manager of the employee is Beste Kaya Çilingir
Name of the employee is Fiona Duenyas. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Public Affairs Manager. Manager of the employee is Andrew John Mackintosh
Name of the employee is İbrahim Ekici. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Fatih Kuş
Name of the employee is Oya Çakmak. Works is in Operations department as Customer Development and Excellence Executive. Manager of the employee is İsmet Senem Tezer
Name of the employee is Hidayet Şafak Gürbüz. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Mert Burnaz
Name of the employee is Özgür Ozan Kaymak. Works is in Operations department as Property Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Aşkın Kurnaz
Name of the employee is Eniz Gülek. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Russell Forster
Name of the employee is Mehmet Uluğ Kazancıoğlu. Works is in Growth department as Growth Associate. Manager of the employee is Kara Amantoy
Name of the employee is Berkan Hışır. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Fatih Topcu
Name of the employee is Duygu Demiröz. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Quality & Learning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Duygu Çolak
Name of the employee is Ayşe Alparslan. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Yasemin Kuas
Name of the employee is Müge Yalçınkaya. Works is in Data department as Lead Data Scientist. Manager of the employee is Nafi Ahmet Turgut
Name of the employee is Ercan Çiftçi. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Manager. Manager of the employee is Murat İlgin
Name of the employee is Ahmet Budak. Works is in Marketing department as Content Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Ege Erinç
Name of the employee is Doğancan Güzer. Works is in Marketing department as Content Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Ege Erinç
Name of the employee is Ceray Bozkurt. Works is in Sales department as Key Account Executive. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Külüşlü
Name of the employee is Selin Barlın Aral. Works is in Legal department as Chief Legal Officer. Manager of the employee is Nazım Salur
Name of the employee is İrem Halis. Works is in Operations department as Global Rider Operations Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Matteo Maria Artero
Name of the employee is Barış Akçakaya. Works is in Customer Services department as Workforce Management Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hakan Aktaş
Name of the employee is Mustafa Demir. Works is in Growth department as Growth Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Elif Gökçe Gürbüz
Name of the employee is Şilan Erkasap. Works is in People department as Head of People, GetirLocals. Manager of the employee is Başak Evrim Daltaban
Name of the employee is Devrim Uslu. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ali Çağrı Sarak
Name of the employee is Ferhat Atlınar. Works is in Data department as Data Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Hüseyin Yağız Yanıkoğlu
Name of the employee is Tuğçe Soydan. Works is in Data department as Lead Data Analyst. Manager of the employee is Semih Akar
Name of the employee is Bengisu Sinem Özkan. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Working Student. Manager of the employee is Ozan Ciğerli
Name of the employee is Birdal Çakmak. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Onboarding Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Konur
Name of the employee is Gizem Kıvrak. Works is in Finance department as Treasury Manager. Manager of the employee is Sadık Murat Ateş
Name of the employee is Dilek Barlas. Works is in Commercial department as Category Purchasing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Anıl Taştemel
Name of the employee is Sabri Gökhan Cansu. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Full Stack. Manager of the employee is Orhan Kemal Elçi
Name of the employee is Serkan Aslan. Works is in Operations department as Fleet Manager. Manager of the employee is Murat İlgin
Name of the employee is Taner Deniz Acarol. Works is in Operations department as Head of Operations GetirBüyük. Manager of the employee is Batuhan Gültakan
Name of the employee is Gizem Keskin. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Çetin (scfsm)
Name of the employee is Aykut Elyakut. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Semih Ergüven
Name of the employee is Çağdaş Durmuş. Works is in Operations department as GetirMore Director. Manager of the employee is Batuhan Gültakan
Name of the employee is Yael Yahya. Works is in Legal department as Legal Manager. Manager of the employee is Zeynep Ahu Sazcı Uzun
Name of the employee is Mehmet Şakır. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ali Kaan Özdemir
Name of the employee is Sıla Ünal. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Yasemin Kuas
Name of the employee is Meltem Cantürk. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Abdullah Akyüz
Name of the employee is Kadir Mert Yörür. Works is in Commercial department as Regional Pricing & Promo Lead. Manager of the employee is Luigi Buttiglieri
Name of the employee is Burak Sancılı. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Seren Ocak
Name of the employee is Mert Yumuşak. Works is in Data department as Senior Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Erkam Oral
Name of the employee is Berna Çınar. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Audit & Corporate Security Director. Manager of the employee is Tuncay Tütek
Name of the employee is Faruk Burak Özdemir. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Executive. Manager of the employee is Furkan Kanbur
Name of the employee is Ahmed Yusuf Ataman. Works is in Supply Chain department as Quality Documentation and Reporting Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burcu Aksoy (qse)
Name of the employee is Övgüm Kahraman. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar (gysem)
Name of the employee is Burcu Emanet. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Hızlıoğlu
Name of the employee is Berat Hışır. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Cemre Çalhan
Name of the employee is Ece Uslu. Works is in Transformation department as Transformation Manager. Manager of the employee is Hatice Evren
Name of the employee is Zahide Özden Ceylan Güngör. Works is in Supply Chain department as Global Supply Chain Excellence Executive. Manager of the employee is Cihan Müderrisoğlu
Name of the employee is Sevecen Uğuz. Works is in Operations department as Global Head of Operational Excellence. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Dedeoğlu
Name of the employee is Damla Tekin. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Akif Erikci
Name of the employee is Ahmet Erdoğan Aslıyüce. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Planning Associate. Manager of the employee is İhsan Netaşlı
Name of the employee is Ozan Kemer. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Executive. Manager of the employee is Didem Alpinanç
Name of the employee is Onur Sönmez. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Services Specialist (Reverse Logistics). Manager of the employee is Anılcan Cankat
Name of the employee is İbrahim İdiç. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Relations Manager. Manager of the employee is Erhan İnanılır
Name of the employee is Banu Akgün. Works is in Operations department as Special Projects Manager. Manager of the employee is Taner Deniz Acarol
Name of the employee is Can Çerezci. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Relations Executive. Manager of the employee is İlyas Hazar Afiat
Name of the employee is Melda Eren. Works is in Transformation department as Head of Transformation. Manager of the employee is Christopher Chaaya
Name of the employee is İbrahim Ethem Demirci. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Semih Akar
Name of the employee is Fuat Argin. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Muhammed Gökdemir
Name of the employee is Duygu Keleş. Works is in Product department as Senior Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Burcu Şayli Öge
Name of the employee is Harun Fehmi Karadoru. Works is in Operations department as GIS Executive. Manager of the employee is Gülşah Uysal
Name of the employee is Yunis Emre Şeyhun. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Automation Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Jonatas Josue Kirsch
Name of the employee is Ergün Lütoğlu. Works is in Operations department as Global Operations Quality Associate . Manager of the employee is Zeynep Damla Manav
Name of the employee is Doğan Gültekin. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Logistics Specialist. Manager of the employee is Deniz Alp Kantarcı
Name of the employee is Emre Çabuş. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Logistics Specialist. Manager of the employee is Deniz Alp Kantarcı
Name of the employee is Enes Emre Aktuğ. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Osman Kömürcü
Name of the employee is Emre Danabaş. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Associate. Manager of the employee is Emre Kırveli
Name of the employee is Batuhan Tuna. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Executive. Manager of the employee is Gökberk Bilici
Name of the employee is Emre Kalyoncu. Works is in Supply Chain department as Category Replenishment Manager. Manager of the employee is Xavier Dialdas
Name of the employee is Emre Çolak. Works is in Marketing department as Design Team Leader. Manager of the employee is John Christopher Cottrell
Name of the employee is Mehmet Emin Örmeci. Works is in Engineering department as Algorithm Performance Manager. Manager of the employee is Semih Akar
Name of the employee is Zeynep Balcı. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ekrem Özdemir
Name of the employee is Esra Demirbaş. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Erhan Kalınbaçoğlu
Name of the employee is Banu Duran. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tuğba Kurtini
Name of the employee is Süheyla Güven. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Operations Associate (UK). Manager of the employee is Naomi Francesca Gilder
Name of the employee is Merve Aydoğdu. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Kamış
Name of the employee is Emre Can Şentürk. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Mert Burnaz
Name of the employee is İsmail Enes Alkaya. Works is in Supply Chain department as Demand Planning Manager. Manager of the employee is Bahadır Eden
Name of the employee is Asena Ece Sürmen Okucu. Works is in Legal department as  Legal Manager. Manager of the employee is Melda Soymen Bacak
Name of the employee is Gürkan Altın. Works is in Legal department as Legal Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Atakan Pekli
Name of the employee is Mert Demirkaya. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ebru Kara
Name of the employee is Aykut Törün. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ekrem Özdemir
Name of the employee is Anıl Akar. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Enes Emre Aktuğ
Name of the employee is Doğukan Demir. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Social Media Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Kamış
Name of the employee is Duygu Kovan Yılmaz. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ekrem Özdemir
Name of the employee is Hüseyin Bakcan. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Baş
Name of the employee is İlknur Kaya. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Begüm Şimşek
Name of the employee is Arıkan Arıkan. Works is in Performance department as Global Operations Solutions & Algorithms Executive. Manager of the employee is Matteo Maria Artero
Name of the employee is Onur Cem Çelebioğlu. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Transformation Executive. Manager of the employee is Emir Levent Serim
Name of the employee is Merve Durmaz. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Manager. Manager of the employee is Didem Alpinanç
Name of the employee is Merve Zehra Yılmaz. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Evin Akcan
Name of the employee is Kübra Yıldız. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ekrem Özdemir
Name of the employee is Muhammed Başkale. Works is in Customer Services department as System & Process Specialist. Manager of the employee is Yusuf Can Kayagölü
Name of the employee is Caner Sürel. Works is in Operations department as Operations Development Manager. Manager of the employee is Murat Gülen
Name of the employee is Aykut Doğrul. Works is in Operations department as Global Operations Analytics Executive. Manager of the employee is Gamze Çiftçi
Name of the employee is Burcu Ari. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ozan Güngör
Name of the employee is Mert Aksu. Works is in Customer Services department as Planning & Monitoring Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hakan Aktaş
Name of the employee is Buket Kahraman. Works is in Commercial department as Category Buying Manager. Manager of the employee is Andreas Vente
Name of the employee is Sadık Murat Ateş. Works is in Finance department as Head of Treasury. Manager of the employee is Osman Yılmaz
Name of the employee is Ecem Ezgi Evruk. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Baran Kaan Sert
Name of the employee is Kaan Erün. Works is in Customer department as International Customer Experience Specialist. Manager of the employee is Vasudha Kulkarni
Name of the employee is Ahmet Dönmez. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Technology Audit Manager. Manager of the employee is Cem Çamlıdere
Name of the employee is Beste Kaya Çilingir. Works is in Transformation department as Transformation Director. Manager of the employee is Batuhan Gültakan
Name of the employee is Emre Serbest. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Emre Erkek
Name of the employee is Relin Malki. Works is in Legal department as Senior Legal Counsel. Manager of the employee is Emra Arkadaş Demirkıran
Name of the employee is Buse Batman. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Emre Sebat
Name of the employee is Batı Kaan Çanakçımaksutoğlu. Works is in Performance department as Operations Excellence Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Luca Nagel
Name of the employee is Melek Dilek Erdem. Works is in Operations department as Operational Efficiency Specialist. Manager of the employee is Emine Turhan
Name of the employee is Ahmet Enes Bulguru. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Operations Associate (UK). Manager of the employee is Naomi Francesca Gilder
Name of the employee is Yücel Keskin. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ebru Kara
Name of the employee is Mehmet Çamoğlu. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ekrem Özdemir
Name of the employee is Mustafa Fatih Akçadaşoğlu. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Baş
Name of the employee is Gökhan Şen. Works is in Health & Safety department as Safety Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is Numan Bilgin
Name of the employee is Musa Gündüz. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Team Lead (UK). Manager of the employee is Anıl Turhan
Name of the employee is Ayşe Yücel. Works is in People department as Culture Ambassador. Manager of the employee is Mert Salur
Name of the employee is Koray İspir. Works is in Operations department as Operations Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is Murat Karakurt
Name of the employee is Tuğçe Kucur. Works is in Marketing department as Trade & Event Marketing Executive. Manager of the employee is Ege Erinç
Name of the employee is Ahmet Cemil Kocagenç. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Salih Berk Özgüle
Name of the employee is Meriç Selçuk Çetinkaya. Works is in Strategy department as Head of Project Development. Manager of the employee is Derya Erdemli
Name of the employee is Metin Erdem Kol. Works is in Operations department as Operations Manager. Manager of the employee is Özgür Vahit Saltı
Name of the employee is Göktuğ Kavi. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Evin Akcan
Name of the employee is Deniz Onuk. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Cemre Çalhan
Name of the employee is Sana Warraich. Works is in Legal department as Legal Manager, International Expansion. Manager of the employee is Selin Barlın Aral
Name of the employee is Güzin Gürbüz. Works is in Supply Chain department as Global Supply Chain Excellence Associate (DE). Manager of the employee is Cihan Müderrisoğlu
Name of the employee is Görkem Tüzel. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Manager. Manager of the employee is İlay Karateke
Name of the employee is Birnur Çakır. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Fatma Zafer
Name of the employee is Songül Ünal. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ekrem Özdemir
Name of the employee is Gökhan Sürav. Works is in Sales department as Sales Manager. Manager of the employee is Halit Hakan Devecel
Name of the employee is Salih Berk Özgüle. Works is in Sales department as Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is Birkan Kül
Name of the employee is Melike Arat. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Enes Emre Aktuğ
Name of the employee is Mustafa Dündar. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tuğba Kurtini
Name of the employee is Süleyman Onur Fişkin. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Yasemin Kuas
Name of the employee is Mediha Küstür Saydan. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Planning Director. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Güleç
Name of the employee is Kaan Şentürk. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Yasemin Kuas
Name of the employee is Kamil Mert Helvacı. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Quality & Learning Specialist (UK). Manager of the employee is Riccardo Giacomazzi
Name of the employee is Recep Eren Çakmaz. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Enes Emre Aktuğ
Name of the employee is Esra Nur Demirtürk. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Yasemin Kuas
Name of the employee is Nurettin Topal. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Zekeriya Koç
Name of the employee is Melis Vural Kadıoğlu. Works is in Commercial department as Category Purchasing Manager. Manager of the employee is Mert Gürsel
Name of the employee is Muhammet Olcay. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Full Stack. Manager of the employee is Orhan Kemal Elçi
Name of the employee is İsmail Telli. Works is in Operations department as Property Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Aşkın Kurnaz
Name of the employee is Orçun Gültakan. Works is in Operations department as Operations Fleet Manager. Manager of the employee is Murat İlgin
Name of the employee is Emin Serdar Güzel. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Emin İmirhan
Name of the employee is Gözde Bayraktar. Works is in Marketing department as Regional Marketing Lead - Europe. Manager of the employee is Nicholas Alexander Casby
Name of the employee is Mehmet Aydın. Works is in Finance department as Financial Processes Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Altan Özer
Name of the employee is Ramazan Sakızcı. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Enes Emre Aktuğ
Name of the employee is Ömer Bulut. Works is in Health & Safety department as Safety Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ayşe Akın Dönmez
Name of the employee is Pınar Sadi Dönmez. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Crisis Management Executive. Manager of the employee is Şevkiye Canbulat
Name of the employee is Müge Çapa. Works is in Marketing department as Regional Marketing Project Manager. Manager of the employee is John Christopher Cottrell
Name of the employee is Ömer Burak Kır. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar (gysem)
Name of the employee is Umut Erol Kapancı. Works is in Commercial department as Regional Partnerships Specialist. Manager of the employee is Eline Hendrickx
Name of the employee is Hüseyin Urgancı. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Designer (Senior Level). Manager of the employee is Emre Çolak
Name of the employee is Muhammed Önal. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nurseli Kurtuluş
Name of the employee is Serkan Yıldız. Works is in Finance department as Accounts Payable Executive. Manager of the employee is Altan Özer
Name of the employee is Öznur Akçiçek. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Evin Akcan
Name of the employee is Melih Gürpınar. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Birnur Çakır
Name of the employee is Fırat Özbek. Works is in Engineering department as Software Support Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Fatih Bademli
Name of the employee is Gülistan Can. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Enes Emre Aktuğ
Name of the employee is Kübra Özyakup. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Birnur Çakır
Name of the employee is Emre Alaca. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Office Support Staff. Manager of the employee is Atanur Küçük
Name of the employee is Mahmut Turan. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Head of Fraud Analytics & Loss Prevention. Manager of the employee is Berna Çınar
Name of the employee is Gülşah Yıldırım. Works is in Product department as Project Office Manager. Manager of the employee is Orkun Kaan Türeyyen
Name of the employee is İlker Erdoğan. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Cemre Çalhan
Name of the employee is Rüya Karakurt. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Çağla Gülcan
Name of the employee is Abdurrahman Birinci. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Social Media Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Kamış
Name of the employee is Hasan Çakıroğlu. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Crisis Management Specialist. Manager of the employee is Derya Demirkapı
Name of the employee is Mehmet Aydoğan. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Kamış
Name of the employee is Eyüp İşler. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Enes Emre Aktuğ
Name of the employee is Narin Ölmez. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Quality Control Specialist. Manager of the employee is Duygu Çolak
Name of the employee is Tuğba Demir. Works is in Customer Services department as Capacity Planning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hakan Aktaş
Name of the employee is Berad Sözkesen. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is Emir Türedi
Name of the employee is Halil Serdar Kızılboya. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Çağla Gülcan
Name of the employee is Gizem Özdemir Bican. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Cemre Çalhan
Name of the employee is Muhammet Sıcak. Works is in Health & Safety department as Safety Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is Numan Bilgin
Name of the employee is Sanem Bozgül. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ekrem Özdemir
Name of the employee is Taylan Remzi Yüksek. Works is in Commercial department as Regional Analytics Manager. Manager of the employee is Kadir Mert Yörür
Name of the employee is Yasemin Kuas. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Executive. Manager of the employee is Güray Gürsönmez
Name of the employee is Deniz Yılmaz (iae). Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Analytics Executive. Manager of the employee is Cihan Karabıyık
Name of the employee is Sevgi Başar. Works is in Finance department as MDM Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hikmet Özer
Name of the employee is Mihriban Soyalın. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Birnur Çakır
Name of the employee is Ecem Seray Yılmaz. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tuğba Kurtini
Name of the employee is Akın Onur Turan. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Çamaş
Name of the employee is Merve Güneri. Works is in Product department as Senior Project Manager II. Manager of the employee is Gülşah Yıldırım
Name of the employee is Berkay Özcan. Works is in Product department as Senior Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Burcu Şayli Öge
Name of the employee is Ufuk Kişi. Works is in Finance department as General Accounting Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Fırat Sarıçimen
Name of the employee is Umut Sayar. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Doğukan Ocak
Name of the employee is Zeynep Polat. Works is in Operations department as GIS Executive. Manager of the employee is Gülşah Uysal
Name of the employee is Melike Sağlam. Works is in Commercial department as Category Purchasing Manager. Manager of the employee is Kemal Özgür Yücel
Name of the employee is Hazal Kılıç. Works is in Operations department as Global Business Analysis & Process Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Aylin Yağman
Name of the employee is Seda Şengün. Works is in Marketing department as Design Team Leader. Manager of the employee is John Christopher Cottrell
Name of the employee is Korcan Işık. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Çağlar Sinan Bulak
Name of the employee is Pelin İşik. Works is in Sales department as Local Key Account Executive. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Külüşlü
Name of the employee is Esin Çeşme. Works is in People department as Head of Talent Acquisition. Manager of the employee is Philip Morrissey
Name of the employee is Oğuz Dokur. Works is in People department as Global Total Rewards Lead. Manager of the employee is Rakeshkumar Arjanbhai Patel
Name of the employee is Canan Gökdoğan. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ayşe Melike Yıldırım
Name of the employee is Göktuğ Söğüt. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Begüm Şimşek
Name of the employee is Melek Ardıç Hışır. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Social Media Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Kamış
Name of the employee is Görkem Koç. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Bünyamin Akın
Name of the employee is Emir Oltulugil. Works is in Operations department as Operations Performance & System Development Manager. Manager of the employee is Erol Şimşek
Name of the employee is Hasan Bahçivan. Works is in Marketing department as Marketing Intern. Manager of the employee is İlay Karateke
Name of the employee is Çağlar Sinan Bulak. Works is in Sales department as Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is Birkan Kül
Name of the employee is Nazlı Rabia Şahan Öcal. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Social Media Specialist (UK). Manager of the employee is Mireia Navarro López
Name of the employee is Sedef Adak. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ayşe Melike Yıldırım
Name of the employee is Penbe Aydın. Works is in Customer Services department as Interim Customer Services Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Osman Kömürcü
Name of the employee is İpek Abacı. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nurseli Kurtuluş
Name of the employee is Nurçe Yardımcı. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Can Berk Yekedüz
Name of the employee is Zeynep Oğul. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Erhan Kalınbaçoğlu
Name of the employee is Engin Çağlar Irmak. Works is in Operations department as Visual Design Team Lead (Interim). Manager of the employee is Nihal Yıldız
Name of the employee is Kağan Küçük. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is İsmet Öker
Name of the employee is Seçkin Berke Özdemir. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Aypar Yılmazkaya
Name of the employee is Dilge Berktaş. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Corporate Communications Director. Manager of the employee is Tuncay Tütek
Name of the employee is Gülce Eroğlu. Works is in Commercial department as Category Purchasing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nefise Mehveş Öktem
Name of the employee is Taner Erkan. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Relations Executive. Manager of the employee is İlyas Hazar Afiat
Name of the employee is Akın Koçu. Works is in Operations department as Field Audit Manager. Manager of the employee is Ruan Jurgens Van Zyl
Name of the employee is Barış Yavuz. Works is in Customer Services department as Planning & Monitoring Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hakan Aktaş
Name of the employee is İrem Kardelen Kuru. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ekrem Özdemir
Name of the employee is Sedanur Karaca. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Baş
Name of the employee is Can Dalbal. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ebru Kara
Name of the employee is Emre Tuna. Works is in Customer Services department as Capacity Planning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hakan Aktaş
Name of the employee is Kadir Dağlı. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Yasemin Kuas
Name of the employee is Fatıma Kızılboya. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ebru Kara
Name of the employee is Eser Yüksel. Works is in Customer Services department as Capacity Planning & Reporting and Monitoring Manager. Manager of the employee is Onur Aşık
Name of the employee is Hatun Mete. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ayşe Melike Yıldırım
Name of the employee is Tugay Unurlu. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ulutan Yamak
Name of the employee is Dilan Özbek. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Services Specialist (Inventory Analytics). Manager of the employee is Deniz Yılmaz (iae)
Name of the employee is Hasan Ekrem Ekici. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Services Specialist (Reverse Logistics). Manager of the employee is Anılcan Cankat
Name of the employee is Neslihan Özçelik. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ebru Kara
Name of the employee is Büşra Ayhan. Works is in Customer Services department as Planning & Monitoring Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hakan Aktaş
Name of the employee is Halil İbrahim Yiğit. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ekrem Özdemir
Name of the employee is Burcu Uludoğan. Works is in Operations department as Fraud Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Adalet Serbest
Name of the employee is Sezgi Serdaroğlu. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Replenishment Planning Executive. Manager of the employee is Erman Keskin
Name of the employee is Burak Yalçın Çam. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Supervisor. Manager of the employee is Zeynep Tulunoğlu
Name of the employee is Mustafa Günaydın. Works is in Operations department as Constructional Projects Manager. Manager of the employee is Erkan Güsar
Name of the employee is Ece Sarıtaş. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Göktürk Gök
Name of the employee is Bahar Aylin Keriş. Works is in Finance department as Supply Chain Finance Analyst. Manager of the employee is Gonca Ertürk
Name of the employee is Rabia Günay. Works is in People department as Talent Acquisition Specialist. Manager of the employee is Arzu Kılıç
Name of the employee is Burcu Kartal. Works is in Operations department as SE Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Cem Utku Kasap
Name of the employee is Elif Güner. Works is in Operations department as Marketplace Excellence Manager (Interim). Manager of the employee is Fatih Nas
Name of the employee is Aleyna Gedik. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Designer (Mid Level). Manager of the employee is Nuray Güney Tunçer
Name of the employee is İrem Karagören. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burak Yalçın Çam
Name of the employee is Arhun Hınçalan. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Eniz Gülek
Name of the employee is İsra Gülmez Narman. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Automation Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Jonatas Josue Kirsch
Name of the employee is Mertcan Yücel. Works is in GetirFinance department as GetirFinans Group Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Çamaş
Name of the employee is Hüseyin Yağız Yanıkoğlu. Works is in Data department as Senior Data Engineer & Platform Manager. Manager of the employee is Semih Akar
Name of the employee is Şilan Karhan. Works is in Performance department as Operations Performance Manager. Manager of the employee is Langston Dugger
Name of the employee is Evrim Yolcu. Works is in Marketing department as Media Intern. Manager of the employee is Ayşe Seda Yurteri Kuraloğlu
Name of the employee is Birkan Kül. Works is in Sales department as Sales Manager. Manager of the employee is Halit Hakan Devecel
Name of the employee is Deniz Can Yılmaz. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ekrem Özdemir
Name of the employee is Merve Cigaoğlu. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Baş
Name of the employee is Burcu Demirkıran. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ulutan Yamak
Name of the employee is Sinem Buse Kahraman. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Enes Emre Aktuğ
Name of the employee is Ayşe Kocaboğa. Works is in GetirFinance department as Operation Specialist. Manager of the employee is Emel Elmacı
Name of the employee is Melike Yücel. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Birnur Çakır
Name of the employee is Özgür Işık. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Wendell Oscar Tobin
Name of the employee is Yaser Yıldız. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Ali Keskin
Name of the employee is Halim Tanyeri. Works is in Finance department as Finance Manager. Manager of the employee is Thomas Joachim Dennhardt
Name of the employee is Şafak Ertem. Works is in Customer department as Customer Experience Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is İlker Bekir Erdoğdu
Name of the employee is Erdinç Emirhan Cebesoy. Works is in Growth department as Growth Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Ruken Katar
Name of the employee is Ozan Güngör. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Supervisor. Manager of the employee is Zeynep Tulunoğlu
Name of the employee is Oğuz Işıker. Works is in Operations department as Constructional Projects Executive. Manager of the employee is Çağrı Saraç
Name of the employee is Anıl Turhan. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Operations Executive (UK). Manager of the employee is Susann Juliette Hasani
Name of the employee is Meryem Şahin. Works is in Sales department as Sales Specialist. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Asil Akın
Name of the employee is Büşra Yalçın. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Social Media Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Kamış
Name of the employee is Tolga Tolluoğlu. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Mehmet İkbal Özmen
Name of the employee is Şeyda Özdemir. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Hasan Burak Yel
Name of the employee is Mehmet Gurur Parlar. Works is in Product department as Senior Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Ayşe Yalçın
Name of the employee is Canan Enğin. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Ergin Derya Küçükiravul
Name of the employee is Nezihe Dilek Ergüz. Works is in People department as People Department Director, Operations. Manager of the employee is Başak Evrim Daltaban
Name of the employee is Derya Çınar Yaslıtaş. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Murat Kurt
Name of the employee is Eren Güven. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ebru Kara
Name of the employee is Oğuzhan Beydoğan. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Services Specialist (Inventory Analytics). Manager of the employee is Deniz Yılmaz (iae)
Name of the employee is Gülcan Temiz. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Birnur Çakır
Name of the employee is Zemine Deniz Okman Ayvaz. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ali Çağrı Sarak
Name of the employee is Merve Yapıcı. Works is in Marketing department as Design Team Leader, GetirYemek. Manager of the employee is Feridun Çağkan Yüksel
Name of the employee is Can Berk Şen. Works is in Sales department as Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is Arcan Umut Dağezen
Name of the employee is Hüsniye Gülin Edisün Şekerci. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Serkan Yoğuran
Name of the employee is Melik Saçkan. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ebru Kara
Name of the employee is Doğan Soner Durmaz. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Crisis Management Specialist. Manager of the employee is Pınar Sadi Dönmez
Name of the employee is Kubilay Molla. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ulutan Yamak
Name of the employee is Yağmur Kızıl. Works is in Customer Services department as Planning & Monitoring Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hakan Aktaş
Name of the employee is Büşra Kemik Gökduman. Works is in Commercial department as Marketing Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Gülşah Yıldız
Name of the employee is Ali Osman Şentürk. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Private Driver. Manager of the employee is Bilge Bilgin
Name of the employee is Eda Nur Koç. Works is in Finance department as SC Finance Intern. Manager of the employee is Gonca Ertürk
Name of the employee is Aziz Murat Özcan. Works is in Finance department as Tax Executive. Manager of the employee is Elif Akkoç Mutlu
Name of the employee is Alican Ünverenler. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Okan Tamtürk
Name of the employee is Anıl Bayraktar. Works is in Sales department as Local Key Account Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Bora Ertan
Name of the employee is İrem Zengin. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Designer (Mid Level). Manager of the employee is Emre Çolak
Name of the employee is Neil Franklin. Works is in Commercial department as Head of Buying and Commercial. Manager of the employee is Christopher Chaaya
Name of the employee is Can Ertürkan. Works is in Legal department as Senior Counsel, Privacy. Manager of the employee is Lorijn Georgea Theodora Van Der Valk
Name of the employee is Serkan Kutlutürk. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Sefa Kaya
Name of the employee is Semih Emre Ünlü. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Emre Erkek
Name of the employee is Can Çoban. Works is in Marketing department as Motion Graphic Designer (Senior Level). Manager of the employee is Merve Yapıcı
Name of the employee is Doğa Kızgır. Works is in Supply Chain department as Quality Documentation and Reporting Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burcu Aksoy (qse)
Name of the employee is Mustafa Dursun. Works is in Sales department as Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Sürav
Name of the employee is Yunus Göktaş. Works is in Operations department as Global Operation Property Lead. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Dedeoğlu
Name of the employee is Evrim Sönmez. Works is in Product department as Senior Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Muharrem Serhat Çulhalık
Name of the employee is Avni Genç. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Hürkan Akbıyık
Name of the employee is Orhan Gazi Dizdaroğlu. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - Platform. Manager of the employee is Erinç Erensoy
Name of the employee is Mustafa Rıfat Karabeyoğlu. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Hürkan Akbıyık
Name of the employee is Çağdaş Karademir. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Hatice Evren
Name of the employee is Burak Gülenç. Works is in Operations department as Operations Performance Specialist. Manager of the employee is Emir Oltulugil
Name of the employee is Buse Atasever Birbir. Works is in Operations department as Special Projects Manager. Manager of the employee is Taner Deniz Acarol
Name of the employee is Temel Can Bayıroğlu. Works is in Indirect Procurement department as Investments Procurement Manager. Manager of the employee is Burcu Yavuz Altan
Name of the employee is Mustafa Can. Works is in Transformation department as Transformation Manager. Manager of the employee is İlker Sarıalioğlu
Name of the employee is Furkan Erdem Perşembe. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer II - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Bedirhan Güven
Name of the employee is Kutay Kerimoğlu. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Eniz Gülek
Name of the employee is Ayşe Mente Meriç. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Investigations & Ethics Compliance Manager. Manager of the employee is Petek Bozkurt
Name of the employee is Uğur Güneş Ergün. Works is in Operations department as Operations Performance & Finance Executive. Manager of the employee is Emir Oltulugil
Name of the employee is Tugba Gezer. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Project Manager II. Manager of the employee is Gülşah Yıldırım
Name of the employee is Büşra Selin Ilgın. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Designer (Senior Level). Manager of the employee is Emre Çolak
Name of the employee is Andrew Ayres. Works is in Commercial department as Buying Lead. Manager of the employee is Neil Franklin
Name of the employee is Hülya Yıldız Yılmaz. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Çamaş
Name of the employee is Göksel Nart. Works is in Finance department as Sales Finance Executive. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Şahin
Name of the employee is Mahesh Singh Chouhan. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Seda Yalçın
Name of the employee is Feyza Mürvet Karaer. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ozan Güngör
Name of the employee is Meryem Kahyaoğlu. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ulutan Yamak
Name of the employee is Onur Gezer. Works is in Data department as Data Analyst I. Manager of the employee is Ece Bilgin
Name of the employee is Erdem Atay. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Specialist. Manager of the employee is Yasin Tomaç
Name of the employee is Fatih Mehmet Kaplan. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer II - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Ali Karzan
Name of the employee is Lubulwa Richard. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Android - Java. Manager of the employee is Cihan Baş
Name of the employee is Yasin Vural. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Ergin Derya Küçükiravul
Name of the employee is Ilgaz Can. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Russell Forster
Name of the employee is Lara Gökyıldırım. Works is in People department as Workforce Strategy Analyst (NL). Manager of the employee is Femke Jongsma
Name of the employee is Sefa Şimşek. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Wendell Oscar Tobin
Name of the employee is Hakan Kal. Works is in Management department as Vice President of GetirWater. Manager of the employee is Tuncay Tütek
Name of the employee is Hamza Burak Yılmaz. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Rifat Çağrı Ekin
Name of the employee is Cenk Gün. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer II - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Bedirhan Güven
Name of the employee is Muhammed Fatih Toprak. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Anıl Karamanlıoğlu
Name of the employee is Doğa Mağden. Works is in Growth department as Growth Strategy Manager. Manager of the employee is Samiye Gülru Ilıcalı
Name of the employee is Alexander Krespi. Works is in Operations department as Performance Associate. Manager of the employee is Samuel David O'brien Ader
Name of the employee is Syed Taha Sarfraz Hussain. Works is in Transformation department as Transformation Associate. Manager of the employee is Melda Eren
Name of the employee is Neriman Karagöz. Works is in Sales department as Sales Development & Performance Specialist. Manager of the employee is Özge Kanbur
Name of the employee is Erdem Ayaz. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Emin İmirhan
Name of the employee is Yalçın Önel. Works is in Customer department as Customer Experience Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is İlker Bekir Erdoğdu
Name of the employee is Yunus Emre Üçüncü. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Asil Akın
Name of the employee is Kübra Hatun Ertaş. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Can Berk Yekedüz
Name of the employee is Serap Algan. Works is in Sales department as Premium Account Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Külüşlü
Name of the employee is Osman Burak Işık. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Relations Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is İbrahim İdiç
Name of the employee is Bena Güner. Works is in Sales department as Local Key Account Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Külüşlü
Name of the employee is Dilda Akar Ertem. Works is in Supply Chain department as Quality Specialist. Manager of the employee is Büşra Kılıç
Name of the employee is Emrehan Epli. Works is in Operations department as Global G-Store Architect. Manager of the employee is Yunus Göktaş
Name of the employee is Güntülü Akkaş. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Quality & Learning Specialist (UK). Manager of the employee is Riccardo Giacomazzi
Name of the employee is Zeynep Naz Gökay. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Corporate Communications Specialist. Manager of the employee is Dilge Berktaş
Name of the employee is Berke Coşkun. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ebru Kara
Name of the employee is Oleg Korobenko. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Cenk Akarçay
Name of the employee is Lateefat Bisola Amuda. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Umut Sayar
Name of the employee is Burak Arda Taşkıran. Works is in Operations department as Global Operations Quality Associate . Manager of the employee is Zeynep Damla Manav
Name of the employee is Muhammed Ali Meral. Works is in Data department as Lead Data Scientist. Manager of the employee is Yiğit Çetinel
Name of the employee is Büşra Serdaroğlu. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar (gysem)
Name of the employee is William Bridges Webb. Works is in Commercial department as Buying Manager. Manager of the employee is Andrew Ayres
Name of the employee is Levent Cevdet Aydın. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Muhammed Ali Meral
Name of the employee is Görkem Sağdaş. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Cihan Baş
Name of the employee is Rabia Aslanoğlu. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Nima Aboutaleby
Name of the employee is Feyzullah Narin. Works is in Finance department as Controlling Executive. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Tahir Yumukoğlu
Name of the employee is Uğur Şen. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Dursun
Name of the employee is Erkan Erdik. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Services Specialist (Inventory Analytics). Manager of the employee is Deniz Yılmaz (iae)
Name of the employee is Mehmet Görkem Aksoy. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Designer. Manager of the employee is Seda Şengün
Name of the employee is Hanife Gür. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ayşe Melike Yıldırım
Name of the employee is Gözde Yılmaz. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ebru Kara
Name of the employee is Sezer Anıl Ünlü. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Social Media Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Kamış
Name of the employee is Gülşah Yıldız. Works is in Commercial department as Marketing Operations Manager. Manager of the employee is Beste Kaya Çilingir
Name of the employee is Hülya Uyar. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ayşe Melike Yıldırım
Name of the employee is Durul Can Altunöz. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Baş
Name of the employee is Elif Kılınç. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Baş
Name of the employee is Esmanur Aksu. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ulutan Yamak
Name of the employee is Mert Tutsak. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Doğukan Ocak
Name of the employee is Fatih Durmaz. Works is in Engineering department as Software Support Manager. Manager of the employee is Eckhart Josef Gerken
Name of the employee is Mustafa Gül. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Muharrem Serhat Çulhalık
Name of the employee is Lauren Abbott. Works is in Commercial department as Buying Manager. Manager of the employee is Neil Franklin
Name of the employee is Ola Zur. Works is in People department as Regional Workforce Engagement Manager. Manager of the employee is Hamza Drine
Name of the employee is Tolgahan Karakuş. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ali Kaan Özdemir
Name of the employee is Enver Çifci. Works is in Operations department as Head of Operational Excellence. Manager of the employee is Elif Çar Albey
Name of the employee is Hüseyin Emanet. Works is in Product department as Lead Product Designer. Manager of the employee is Umut Can Yurtalan
Name of the employee is Sofia Koleva. Works is in Operations department as Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is Samuel David O'brien Ader
Name of the employee is Yasemin Ertürk. Works is in Supply Chain department as Head of Quality. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Güleç
Name of the employee is Mustafa Çetin. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Abdullah Akyüz
Name of the employee is Samet İncirkuş. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nurseli Kurtuluş
Name of the employee is Mehmet Kerem Ocak. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Ali Karzan
Name of the employee is Pınar Tuğçe Çertmek. Works is in Product department as Associate Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Damla Kocakaymak Dinçer
Name of the employee is Sercan Özdağ. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Specialist. Manager of the employee is Akın Küçüköncü
Name of the employee is İbrahim Kiracı. Works is in Strategy department as Strategy Manager. Manager of the employee is Derya Erdemli
Name of the employee is David Owumi Mogbeyiteren. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Emre Turan
Name of the employee is Muhammed Mustafa Çakır. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Dursun
Name of the employee is Kamil Dedeoğlu. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Dursun
Name of the employee is Mahmut Tugay Toksoz. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Gareth Jenkins
Name of the employee is Duygu Öncü. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Mert Burnaz
Name of the employee is Ertuğrul Yücel. Works is in Data department as Senior Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Hasan Burak Yel
Name of the employee is Evin Akcan. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Executive. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Mert Burnaz
Name of the employee is Pınar Pekşen. Works is in Finance department as Accounts Payable Executive. Manager of the employee is Altan Özer
Name of the employee is Sabiha İffet Özkan. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Algorithm. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Ethem Demirci
Name of the employee is Sadık Kuzu. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Algorithm. Manager of the employee is Barış Nişancı
Name of the employee is Sibel Şengün. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Designer. Manager of the employee is İlay Karateke
Name of the employee is Duygu Onaler. Works is in Commercial department as Buyer. Manager of the employee is Jonathan Lessem
Name of the employee is Yusuf Göymen. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Fatih Topcu
Name of the employee is Zeynep Şenyayla. Works is in Growth department as Growth Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Nazlı Selin Tan
Name of the employee is Ali Yıldız. Works is in Operations department as Operations Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is Seval Köklü
Name of the employee is Burak Hellagü. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Designer. Manager of the employee is İlay Karateke
Name of the employee is Hüseyin Ergon. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Ergin Derya Küçükiravul
Name of the employee is Barış Fındık. Works is in Data department as Senior Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Mehmet İkbal Özmen
Name of the employee is Berkay Ulukan. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ömer Orbay
Name of the employee is Aypar Yılmazkaya. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Óscar Rubén Marín Alonso
Name of the employee is Neslihan İhtiyaroğlu. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Mertcan Yücel
Name of the employee is Samed Ayan. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - .Net. Manager of the employee is Rifat Çağrı Ekin
Name of the employee is Stephen Gatana. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Serkan Yoğuran
Name of the employee is Emir Can Işık. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Services Intern. Manager of the employee is Cihan Karabıyık
Name of the employee is Dilara Subaşı. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Birnur Çakır
Name of the employee is Gülnur Karabayram. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Enes Emre Aktuğ
Name of the employee is Aslı Türkdoğan. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nurseli Kurtuluş
Name of the employee is Aşur Can Acar. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Çağlar Sinan Bulak
Name of the employee is Mert Ağacık. Works is in Operations department as Store Conversion Marketing & Assortment Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ezgi Nida Burci Ener
Name of the employee is Furkan İsmet Küçükyılmaz. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Specialist. Manager of the employee is Batuhan Tuna
Name of the employee is Murat Kurt. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Fatma Başyiğit
Name of the employee is Çiğdem Güleç. Works is in Finance department as Accounting Executive. Manager of the employee is Şaban İşler
Name of the employee is Onur Şahin Cırık. Works is in Product department as Product Localization Manager. Manager of the employee is Seren Ocak
Name of the employee is Elif Can. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Göktürk Gök
Name of the employee is Fulya Kortak. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Sefa Kaya
Name of the employee is Zizoh James Anto. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Emre Erkek
Name of the employee is Sefa Kaya. Works is in Sales department as Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Sürav
Name of the employee is Yunus Akbaba. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Government Relations Director. Manager of the employee is Selin Barlın Aral
Name of the employee is Salih Menteş. Works is in People department as Payroll Executive. Manager of the employee is Başak Evrim Daltaban
Name of the employee is Zeynep Ahu Sazcı Uzun. Works is in Legal department as Legal Director Mergers & Acquisitions. Manager of the employee is Selin Barlın Aral
Name of the employee is Yunus Emre Karataş. Works is in Data department as Senior Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Hasan Burak Yel
Name of the employee is Dilek Can. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Orhan Kemal Elçi
Name of the employee is Serdar Kuvvet. Works is in Operations department as Operations Manager. Manager of the employee is Neslihan Özçil Örkiz
Name of the employee is İpek Demirboğan. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar (gysem)
Name of the employee is Recep Bıyıkoğlu. Works is in Finance department as Sales Finance Executive. Manager of the employee is Tanyel Emre Boz
Name of the employee is Özgül Doğanay. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar
Name of the employee is Ayhan Şeker. Works is in People department as People Business Partner. Manager of the employee is Nezihe Dilek Ergüz
Name of the employee is Emel Kestek. Works is in Operations department as Property Project Manager. Manager of the employee is Erkan Güsar
Name of the employee is Semih Kaptan. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Relations Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is İbrahim İdiç
Name of the employee is Caner Çakmak. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nadine Ebo
Name of the employee is Turkay Kurklu. Works is in Operations department as Area Manager. Manager of the employee is Sofia Koleva
Name of the employee is Zekeriya Koç. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Hatice Evren
Name of the employee is Merve Nur Orhan. Works is in Operations department as Operations Performance Executive. Manager of the employee is Sait Alpar Saydağ
Name of the employee is Aykut Varol. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Hamitcan Fidan
Name of the employee is Gökhan Tütüncü. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Sefa Kaya
Name of the employee is Burcu Yavuz Altan. Works is in Indirect Procurement department as Indirect Procurement Director. Manager of the employee is Metin Hacıoğlu
Name of the employee is Mert Kahraman Ükten. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Akın Onur Turan
Name of the employee is Kemal Işıktaş. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Business Analyst I. Manager of the employee is Can Sözeri
Name of the employee is Erhan İnanılır. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Development Director. Manager of the employee is Batuhan Gültakan
Name of the employee is Eren İşeri. Works is in Sales department as Key Account Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Bora Ertan
Name of the employee is Paulo José Martins Ferreira. Works is in Operations department as Area Manager. Manager of the employee is Brett Hermon
Name of the employee is Oğuz Beceren. Works is in Supply Chain department as Quality Executive. Manager of the employee is Melik Şeyhoğlu
Name of the employee is Mert Canol. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Internal Audit Manager. Manager of the employee is Cem Çamlıdere
Name of the employee is Onat Çalışkan. Works is in Operations department as Operations Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is Metin Erdem Kol
Name of the employee is Mukhtar Younis Abdalla Mukhtar. Works is in Health & Safety department as Road Safety Manager. Manager of the employee is Roberto Abbate
Name of the employee is Özge Özer. Works is in Customer department as UX Research Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Duygu Öztürk
Name of the employee is Muhammed Kılınç. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer II - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Seda Yalçın
Name of the employee is Çağlayan Ertürer. Works is in Operations department as Operation Planning Manager. Manager of the employee is Enver Çifci
Name of the employee is Berkay Berkman. Works is in Data department as Senior Data Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Hüseyin Yağız Yanıkoğlu
Name of the employee is Reşat Erkan. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Emre İbrahim Büyükkalfa
Name of the employee is Ali Köroğlu. Works is in Finance department as Financial Operations Director. Manager of the employee is Osman Yılmaz
Name of the employee is Utku Altun. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Ufuk Çatalca
Name of the employee is Okan Esmer. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Intern. Manager of the employee is Merve Durmaz
Name of the employee is Cihan Bektaş. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Okan Tamtürk
Name of the employee is Nazlı Güngöroğlu. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Eren Yıldırım
Name of the employee is Simon Graham. Works is in Legal department as Head of Legal, Property (UK & EU). Manager of the employee is Selin Barlın Aral
Name of the employee is Hasan Karyağdı. Works is in Engineering department as Software Support Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Fatih Bademli
Name of the employee is Semih Baştak. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Serkan Yoğuran
Name of the employee is Kardelen Sönmez. Works is in Growth department as Growth Commercial Executive. Manager of the employee is Görkem Ergül
Name of the employee is İlker Sarıalioğlu. Works is in Transformation department as Head of Transformation. Manager of the employee is Adam Wacenske
Name of the employee is Kaan Emeç. Works is in Management department as Chief Product Officer. Manager of the employee is Hatice Evren
Name of the employee is Selin Baykal. Works is in People department as People Department Director, International Expansion. Manager of the employee is Batuhan Gültakan
Name of the employee is Gulcin Gaves. Works is in Supply Chain department as Head of Logistics. Manager of the employee is Xavier Dialdas
Name of the employee is İlayda İsraelyan. Works is in People department as Talent Acquisition Executive. Manager of the employee is Sezer Çilem Akay
Name of the employee is Büşra Arar. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Umut Sayar
Name of the employee is Alptuğ Safa Ağca. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Barış Eser
Name of the employee is Erdem Uysal. Works is in Engineering department as Lead Engineer - Algorithm. Manager of the employee is Cenk Akarçay
Name of the employee is Ahsan Rasool Khan. Works is in Engineering department as IT Support Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Adem Ibrahim
Name of the employee is Yasar Yılmaz. Works is in People department as People Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Visudha Bathia
Name of the employee is Amadi Innocent Tobechukwu. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Full Stack. Manager of the employee is Murat Cenk Batman
Name of the employee is Berkay Ünsal. Works is in Finance department as Accouting Intern. Manager of the employee is Buğra Tunalı
Name of the employee is Safiye Uğur. Works is in Operations department as Indirect Procurement Associate. Manager of the employee is Burcu Yavuz Altan
Name of the employee is Monica Hariharan. Works is in Transformation department as Regional Operations Strategy Lead. Manager of the employee is Selin Barlın Aral
Name of the employee is Azar Ali Imtiaz. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Gareth Jenkins
Name of the employee is Seher Seray Sezgin. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Ops Specialist. Manager of the employee is Naomi Francesca Gilder
Name of the employee is Recep Emircan İlgün. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Project Executive. Manager of the employee is Merve Akar
Name of the employee is Laura Meghann Bentley. Works is in Supply Chain department as Category Planner. Manager of the employee is Emma Darcy Arbisman
Name of the employee is Elif Akkoç. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Manager. Manager of the employee is Mediha Küstür Saydan
Name of the employee is Yasin Tokuş. Works is in People department as Office & Administrative Affairs Head. Manager of the employee is Başak Evrim Daltaban
Name of the employee is Sinem Eser. Works is in People department as People Services Associate. Manager of the employee is Visudha Bathia
Name of the employee is Erdem Saha. Works is in Supply Chain department as Demand Planning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Emre Kırveli
Name of the employee is Özge Evren. Works is in Commercial department as Marketing Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Gülşah Yıldız
Name of the employee is Fatih Topcu. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Executive. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Kurtini
Name of the employee is Nisa İrem Kılınç. Works is in Marketing department as Customer Happiness and Experience Associate. Manager of the employee is Vasudha Kulkarni
Name of the employee is Ulaş Erin. Works is in People department as People Department Intern. Manager of the employee is Salih Menteş
Name of the employee is Merve Ozar. Works is in Product department as Senior Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Hulusi Duru İlter
Name of the employee is Yekbun Uras. Works is in Operations department as Operations Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is Ali Emir Çakmak
Name of the employee is Sezel Sonkaya. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Evren Karademir Ortakçı
Name of the employee is Derya Kurt. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Quality & Learning Executive. Manager of the employee is Onur Aşık
Name of the employee is Cansın Akbaş Sıtkı. Works is in Operations department as GIS Executive. Manager of the employee is Gülşah Uysal
Name of the employee is Aykan Akbulut. Works is in Operations department as Business Analytics & Performance Specialist. Manager of the employee is Orçun Kara
Name of the employee is Mahmut Emre Yılmaz. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Çağlar Sinan Bulak
Name of the employee is Elif Adaköy Bideci. Works is in Data department as Lead Data Scientist. Manager of the employee is Samiye Gülru Ilıcalı
Name of the employee is Ahmed Fatih Delibekir. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burak Yalçın Çam
Name of the employee is Tuğçe Buyruk. Works is in Operations department as Operations Performance Executive. Manager of the employee is Neslihan Özçil Örkiz
Name of the employee is Alexander Vassiliades. Works is in Operations department as Fleet  Associate. Manager of the employee is Roberto Abbate
Name of the employee is Pınar Özak. Works is in Finance department as Finance Manager. Manager of the employee is Hannah Dolfi
Name of the employee is Yunus Orçun Abdullahoğlu. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Can Berk Yekedüz
Name of the employee is Zafer Anıl Akmaz. Works is in Operations department as Process Design Executive. Manager of the employee is Cem Utku Kasap
Name of the employee is Goshgar Ismayilov. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - Algorithm. Manager of the employee is Barış Nişancı
Name of the employee is Sıla Boyraz. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Serhan Geboloğlu
Name of the employee is Ömer Umut. Works is in Data department as Senior Data Analyst I. Manager of the employee is Samiye Gülru Ilıcalı
Name of the employee is Mervenur Aktaş. Works is in Operations department as Quality Specialist, Process. Manager of the employee is Sefa Şatır
Name of the employee is Merve Kaya. Works is in Operations department as Marketplace Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Seren Tarakcı
Name of the employee is Nihal Yıldız. Works is in Operations department as Catalog Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Cem Utku Kasap
Name of the employee is Arcan Umut Dağezen. Works is in Sales department as Sales Manager. Manager of the employee is Halit Hakan Devecel
Name of the employee is Mert Hepsayar. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Budget Planning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Süleyman İlker Özcan
Name of the employee is Ezgi Nida Burci Ener. Works is in Operations department as Store Conversion Marketing & Assortment Manager. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Deniz Saydam
Name of the employee is İbrahim Halil Ayhan. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Yekbun Uras
Name of the employee is Umut Gökçe. Works is in Operations department as Property Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Derya Yücedağ
Name of the employee is Mac Chaudhry. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Relations Manager. Manager of the employee is Richard Edward North
Name of the employee is Özgür Vahit Saltı. Works is in Operations department as Head of Operations. Manager of the employee is Murat İlgin
Name of the employee is Nora Markocsany. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Gabriel Constantin Prava
Name of the employee is Khalid Khalil. Works is in Engineering department as IT Asset Management Specialist. Manager of the employee is Bedia Karabudak
Name of the employee is Büşra Barut. Works is in Growth department as Growth Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Elif Gökçe Gürbüz
Name of the employee is Mahmut Sever. Works is in Sales department as Regional Sales & Account Supervisor. Manager of the employee is Serkan Çiçek
Name of the employee is Oğuz Can Savaş. Works is in Growth department as Growth Specialist. Manager of the employee is Elif Gökçe Gürbüz
Name of the employee is Emir Türedi. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Development Manager. Manager of the employee is Bora Tanrıverdi
Name of the employee is Barış Nişancı. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Semih Akar
Name of the employee is Metin Hacıoğlu. Works is in Operations department as Operations Development & Indirect Procurement Vice President. Manager of the employee is Hatice Evren
Name of the employee is Burcu Aksoy. Works is in Operations department as Store Conversion Operations & Field Executive. Manager of the employee is Doğancan Güneş
Name of the employee is Furkan Öksüz. Works is in Operations department as GIS Specialist. Manager of the employee is Zeynep Polat
Name of the employee is Laura Piana. Works is in People department as People Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Visudha Bathia
Name of the employee is Aslı Filiyet Göğebakan. Works is in Strategy department as Transformation Manager. Manager of the employee is Beste Kaya Çilingir
Name of the employee is Fatma Yel. Works is in Finance department as General Accounting Executive. Manager of the employee is Ufuk Kişi
Name of the employee is Doğukan Yarkın Üngör. Works is in Operations department as SE Operations Process Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Cem Utku Kasap
Name of the employee is Şule Kara. Works is in Commercial department as Category Purchasing Specialist. Manager of the employee is İrem Oymak
Name of the employee is Ebru Koca. Works is in Finance department as Accounting Executive. Manager of the employee is Ecehan Gürkan
Name of the employee is Cihan Karabıyık. Works is in Supply Chain department as Head of Logistics Services. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Güleç
Name of the employee is Levent Akgöz. Works is in Sales department as Sales Specialist. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Asil Akın
Name of the employee is Yunus Sandıkçı. Works is in Operations department as Quality Specialist, Field. Manager of the employee is Merve Kızıldağ
Name of the employee is Hakan Aktaş. Works is in Customer Services department as Planning & Monitoring Executive. Manager of the employee is Eser Yüksel
Name of the employee is İlyas Hazar Afiat. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Relations Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is İbrahim İdiç
Name of the employee is Veysel Emre Türkcan. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Manager. Manager of the employee is Langston Dugger
Name of the employee is Yağız Temel. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Orkun Kaan Türeyyen
Name of the employee is Fatih Çetin. Works is in Finance department as Head of Financial Planning & Analysis. Manager of the employee is Aybars Aksoy
Name of the employee is Ömer Berkay Akışık. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Relations and Onboarding Associate. Manager of the employee is Levent Isli
Name of the employee is Uğur Mumcu. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Mahmut Sever
Name of the employee is Anıl Budak. Works is in Operations department as SE Field Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burcu Kartal
Name of the employee is Muharrem Aykut Yarıcı. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Can Berk Şen
Name of the employee is İslam Şahin. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Social Media Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Kamış
Name of the employee is Mehmet Serhan Türkay. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Project Executive. Manager of the employee is Merve Akar
Name of the employee is Eda Koçaş. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ebru Kara
Name of the employee is Hülya Yılmaz. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ayşe Melike Yıldırım
Name of the employee is Abdullah Özkanca. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ebru Kara
Name of the employee is Aişegül Bağcı Bölükbaş. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Quality & Learning Specialist (FR). Manager of the employee is Riccardo Giacomazzi
Name of the employee is Necmiye Esma Pehlivan. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ayşe Melike Yıldırım
Name of the employee is Alican Biltekin. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Social Media Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Kamış
Name of the employee is Melike Aksoy Erol. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Yasemin Kuas
Name of the employee is Gizem Kırmızıgül. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nalan Yıldırım Özgür
Name of the employee is Ozan Teberoğlu. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ayşe Melike Yıldırım
Name of the employee is Sibel Altaylı. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Yasemin Kuas
Name of the employee is Buse Akbaş. Works is in Customer Services department as Planning & Monitoring Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hakan Aktaş
Name of the employee is Ezgi Özcan. Works is in Commercial department as Category Purchasing Specialist. Manager of the employee is İrem Oymak
Name of the employee is Sıla Savaş. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Specialist - Algorithm. Manager of the employee is Yusuf Can Çakır
Name of the employee is Esra Tanıtmış. Works is in Indirect Procurement department as Indirect Procurement Specialist. Manager of the employee is Temel Can Bayıroğlu
Name of the employee is Lukasz Darnielewicz. Works is in Operations department as Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is Jose Luis Lobato Vargas
Name of the employee is Buse Sözeyataroğlu. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - .Net. Manager of the employee is Çağdaş Karademir
Name of the employee is Ayda Hazal Aydın. Works is in Product department as Product Growth Lead. Manager of the employee is İpek Saray
Name of the employee is Cansu Şener. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Planning Manager. Manager of the employee is Kadir Yılmaz
Name of the employee is Başak Oğuz. Works is in Operations department as Training Executive. Manager of the employee is Merve Kızıldağ
Name of the employee is Güner Fırıncıoğulları. Works is in Operations department as Catalog Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nihal Yıldız
Name of the employee is Yılmaz Gündüz. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Anıl Şengün
Name of the employee is Ezgi Sena Akbay. Works is in Marketing department as Brand Specialist. Manager of the employee is Can Bilgehan
Name of the employee is Hasan Burak Yel. Works is in Data department as Lead Data Scientist. Manager of the employee is Nafi Ahmet Turgut
Name of the employee is Merve Koblay. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Umut Sayar
Name of the employee is Neslişah Bayraktar Emiroğlu. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Marketing Manager. Manager of the employee is Beste Kaya Çilingir
Name of the employee is Ramazan Acar. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Cenk Akarçay
Name of the employee is Salih Güneş. Works is in People department as People Business Partner, GetirLocals. Manager of the employee is Şilan Erkasap
Name of the employee is Yavuz Işıker. Works is in Operations department as Property Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is Derya Yücedağ
Name of the employee is Görkem Ergül. Works is in Growth department as GetirYemek Growth - Commercial Manager. Manager of the employee is Samiye Gülru Ilıcalı
Name of the employee is Ayhan Yiğit Kocatop. Works is in Operations department as Operations Regional Manager, GetirBüyük. Manager of the employee is Furkan Kanbur
Name of the employee is Tuğçe Ulutaş. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Emre Erkek
Name of the employee is Çağlar Öztürk. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Emre Sebat
Name of the employee is Berkay Yaşar. Works is in Sales department as Premium Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Bora Ertan
Name of the employee is Hamitcan Fidan. Works is in Sales department as Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Sürav
Name of the employee is Andreas Vente. Works is in Commercial department as Head of Buying. Manager of the employee is Florian Brunsting
Name of the employee is Nur Sena Ünal. Works is in Marketing department as Brand Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tilbe Çelik
Name of the employee is Özgür Taylan Öztürk. Works is in Sales department as Key Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Ozan Saraç
Name of the employee is Mustafa Toy. Works is in Finance department as Accounts Payable Specialist. Manager of the employee is Serkan Yıldız
Name of the employee is İpek Deniz. Works is in Customer department as CRM Executive. Manager of the employee is Barbaros Talha Uçmaklı
Name of the employee is Burak Ayaz. Works is in Operations department as Catalog Operations Team Leader. Manager of the employee is Cem Utku Kasap
Name of the employee is Esra Durak. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Ali Karzan
Name of the employee is Gülşah Uysal. Works is in Operations department as GIS Manager. Manager of the employee is Erdem Parlaksu
Name of the employee is Tuğçe Kurtaran. Works is in Sales department as Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is Arcan Umut Dağezen
Name of the employee is Sercan Dumansız. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - .Net. Manager of the employee is Çağdaş Karademir
Name of the employee is Kıvılcım Karalı. Works is in Customer Services department as System & Process Executive. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Mansur Uyar
Name of the employee is Tevfik Umut Tayfun. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Eniz Gülek
Name of the employee is Nazlı Yurtekin Ünver. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Corporate Communications Manager. Manager of the employee is Dilge Berktaş
Name of the employee is Nedim Çanakkale. Works is in Finance department as Accounts Payable Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Altan Özer
Name of the employee is Deniz Alp Kantarcı. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Logistics Executive. Manager of the employee is Eymen Fırat Durmaz
Name of the employee is Aybars Aksoy. Works is in Finance department as Grocery Finance Director. Manager of the employee is Osman Yılmaz
Name of the employee is Emra Arkadaş Demirkıran. Works is in Legal department as Head of Legal Litigation. Manager of the employee is Hatice Senem Uysal
Name of the employee is Burak Göcen. Works is in People department as Compensation & Benefits Manager. Manager of the employee is Rakeshkumar Arjanbhai Patel
Name of the employee is Tilbe Sunay Kahveci. Works is in Growth department as Growth Manager. Manager of the employee is Ali İhsan Eren
Name of the employee is Robert Baldede. Works is in Operations department as Property & Facility Manager. Manager of the employee is Torsten Hardt
Name of the employee is Şefika Esra Ulutaş. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Seda Yalçın
Name of the employee is Mounir Adhar. Works is in Expansion department as Real Estate Manager. Manager of the employee is Sander Martijn Van Der Stroom
Name of the employee is Ahmed Mufutau Olawale. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Shashank Junna Basanna
Name of the employee is Nicholas Alexander Casby. Works is in Marketing department as Regional Head of Marketing - Europe. Manager of the employee is Turancan Salur
Name of the employee is Vadim Nichita. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Support Associate. Manager of the employee is Stephen Davies
Name of the employee is Kingsley Eneja. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Go. Manager of the employee is Berk Ekim Paşmakoğlu
Name of the employee is Sander Martijn Van Der Stroom. Works is in Operations department as Head of Store Conversion . Manager of the employee is Anthony Massaad
Name of the employee is Tuğçe Tutan. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist (UK). Manager of the employee is Anıl Turhan
Name of the employee is Doğukan Yiğitler. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Quality & Learning Specialist (US). Manager of the employee is Mehmet Serhan Türkay
Name of the employee is Hamid Khorramdel. Works is in Commercial department as Senior Category Buyer. Manager of the employee is Benjamin John Hulme
Name of the employee is Selin Ülker. Works is in Operations department as Catalog Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nihal Yıldız
Name of the employee is Aybüke Sümeyye Karaağaç. Works is in Operations department as Marketplace Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Aral Aksu
Name of the employee is Anna Claire Catharine Cosgrave. Works is in Legal department as Head of Legal. Manager of the employee is Selin Barlın Aral
Name of the employee is Patrycja Witczak. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Michael Booth
Name of the employee is Doğa Özçiçek. Works is in Product department as Associate Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Seren Ocak
Name of the employee is Ahmet Vedathan Çetintaş. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Design Intern. Manager of the employee is Semiha Çatalbaş
Name of the employee is Arda Sezer Özen. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Design Intern. Manager of the employee is Nuray Güney Tunçer
Name of the employee is Başer Aksoy. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Replenishment Planning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Erman Keskin
Name of the employee is Ali Uzunlar. Works is in Sales department as Key Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Ozan Saraç
Name of the employee is Eda Kayhan. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Mahmut Sever
Name of the employee is Neslihan Bayrak. Works is in Operations department as Catalog Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burak Ayaz
Name of the employee is Seren Tarakcı. Works is in Operations department as Marketplace Excellence Executive. Manager of the employee is Fatih Nas
Name of the employee is Vito Parrinello. Works is in Operations department as G - Store Lead (Interim). Manager of the employee is Davide Tronzano
Name of the employee is Stephen Davies. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Manager. Manager of the employee is Gulcin Gaves
Name of the employee is Salim Yılmaz. Works is in Finance department as Sales Finance Executive. Manager of the employee is Damla Işılay
Name of the employee is Gamze Ok. Works is in People department as People Business Partner. Manager of the employee is Nezihe Dilek Ergüz
Name of the employee is Yunus Emre Burhan Büyükçapar. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Specialist. Manager of the employee is Özcan Yakar
Name of the employee is Faruk Doğan. Works is in Operations department as Mobility Solutions Executive. Manager of the employee is Alberto Grecchi
Name of the employee is Gözde Gülçin. Works is in Transformation department as Transformation Manager. Manager of the employee is Hatice Evren
Name of the employee is Musa Can Arslan. Works is in Operations department as Operations Performance Specialist. Manager of the employee is Sait Alpar Saydağ
Name of the employee is Aymar Arnulf. Works is in Transformation department as Expansion Manager. Manager of the employee is Gabriel Diaz Galan
Name of the employee is Barış Altun. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ayşe Akın Dönmez
Name of the employee is Hamza Akyıldız. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist II. Manager of the employee is Mehmet İkbal Özmen
Name of the employee is Yağmur Er. Works is in Operations department as Global Rider Operations Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is Matteo Maria Artero
Name of the employee is Nilay Güler. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Yasemin Kuas
Name of the employee is Müjde Kara Ustaoğlu. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tuğba Kurtini
Name of the employee is Arzu Çiftci. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ebru Kara
Name of the employee is Şevval Baltacı. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nalan Yıldırım Özgür
Name of the employee is Fatih Duran. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Erhan Kalınbaçoğlu
Name of the employee is Mehmet Satılmış. Works is in Growth department as Growth Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ruken Katar
Name of the employee is Adem Furkan Özcan. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Berk Ekim Paşmakoğlu
Name of the employee is Muhammed Ahmed Akyol. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Macarena Suarez
Name of the employee is Doğuş Murat Domaç. Works is in Operations department as Head of Operations. Manager of the employee is Murat İlgin
Name of the employee is Süleyman Can Çelik. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Associate. Manager of the employee is Emre Kırveli
Name of the employee is Yunus Emre Kumbasar. Works is in Operations department as Operations Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is Serdar Kuvvet
Name of the employee is Derek Richard Lascelles Pollard. Works is in Operations department as Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is Samuel David O'brien Ader
Name of the employee is Berat Can Er. Works is in Operations department as Marketplace Excellence Specialist - Chains. Manager of the employee is İrem Vatansever
Name of the employee is Uğur Balsüzen. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Logistics Executive. Manager of the employee is Deniz Alp Kantarcı
Name of the employee is Beren Uğur. Works is in People department as People Business Partner. Manager of the employee is Selen Esen
Name of the employee is Erdem Çiftçi. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Social Media Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Kamış
Name of the employee is Recep Kıvrak. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nurseli Kurtuluş
Name of the employee is Yusuf Bural. Works is in Health & Safety department as Safety Training Specialist. Manager of the employee is Numan Bilgin
Name of the employee is Elif Çar Albey. Works is in Management department as CEO, GetirLocals. Manager of the employee is Batuhan Gültakan
Name of the employee is Sadık Ateş. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Loss Prevention Manager. Manager of the employee is Mahmut Turan
Name of the employee is Carlos Platas. Works is in Health & Safety department as Health and Safety Associate. Manager of the employee is Roberto Abbate
Name of the employee is Gonca Ardıç. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Baş
Name of the employee is Sevilay Eren. Works is in People department as Talent Acquisition Specialist. Manager of the employee is Arzu Kılıç
Name of the employee is Younes Karim Zribi Ewald. Works is in Operations department as Senior Operations Associate. Manager of the employee is Carıot Tristan
Name of the employee is Clarence Clifford Claud Nortan. Works is in Expansion department as Maintenance Associate. Manager of the employee is Sander Martijn Van Der Stroom
Name of the employee is Ebru Aloğlu. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Specialist. Manager of the employee is Stephen Davies
Name of the employee is Dennis Van Keulen. Works is in International Expansion department as Store Shift Lead (NL). Manager of the employee is Koen Sandstra
Name of the employee is Khaled Aria. Works is in International Expansion department as Store Shift Lead (NL). Manager of the employee is Adel Bensid
Name of the employee is Juma Derbas. Works is in International Expansion department as Store Shift Lead (NL). Manager of the employee is Edwin Berkemeijer
Name of the employee is Maria Ala. Works is in Operations department as Operations Excellence Associate. Manager of the employee is Carıot Tristan
Name of the employee is Ece Yazıcıoğlu. Works is in People department as People Business Partner. Manager of the employee is Şilan Erkasap
Name of the employee is Ramazan Acar (gysem). Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Russell Forster
Name of the employee is Wade Hutchinson. Works is in International Expansion department as Store Shift Lead (NL). Manager of the employee is Edwin Berkemeijer
Name of the employee is Aryenni Muller. Works is in International Expansion department as Store Shift Lead (NL). Manager of the employee is Edwin Berkemeijer
Name of the employee is Deniz Ekmekci. Works is in Product department as Associate Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Seren Ocak
Name of the employee is Melis Kayhan. Works is in Product department as Product Director. Manager of the employee is Kaan Emeç
Name of the employee is Berker Çakır. Works is in Health & Safety department as Safety Training Specialist. Manager of the employee is Numan Bilgin
Name of the employee is Melis Öztürk. Works is in Data department as Senior Data Scientist  I. Manager of the employee is İrem Şahin
Name of the employee is Alper Cırık. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Onat Çalışkan
Name of the employee is Doğukaan Demirsoy. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Sevilay Günay
Name of the employee is Oğuz Özdökmeci. Works is in Operations department as Operations Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is Ali Emir Çakmak
Name of the employee is Gabriel Constantin Prava. Works is in Operations department as Interim Area Manager. Manager of the employee is Sofia Koleva
Name of the employee is Mishaan Uttamchandani. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Partnerships Manager. Manager of the employee is Amelia Newland
Name of the employee is Berkay Özen. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - GIS Developer. Manager of the employee is Erdem Uysal
Name of the employee is Berkay Bulduk. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Yekbun Uras
Name of the employee is İhsan Caner Karınca. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Göktürk Gök
Name of the employee is Hilal Tilki. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Cemre Çalhan
Name of the employee is Fatma Nur Durak. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tuğba Kurtini
Name of the employee is Sinem Kandil. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Social Media Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Kamış
Name of the employee is Hatice Kılıç Bülbül. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tuğba Kurtini
Name of the employee is Hülya Taş. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Cemre Çalhan
Name of the employee is Mehmet Ateş. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Cemre Çalhan
Name of the employee is Dolunay Arten. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Enes Emre Aktuğ
Name of the employee is Murat Görmüş. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Cemre Çalhan
Name of the employee is Emrah Ayyıldız. Works is in People department as People Compliance Manager. Manager of the employee is Selin Barlın Aral
Name of the employee is Berke Erim. Works is in Growth department as Growth Manager. Manager of the employee is Nazlı Selin Tan
Name of the employee is Elif Burçin Amet. Works is in Growth department as Growth Manager. Manager of the employee is Anthony Massaad
Name of the employee is Sabrine Bengelali. Works is in People department as People Business Partner. Manager of the employee is Toni Cairns
Name of the employee is Mehmet Etka Uzun. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Shivam Arora
Name of the employee is Hüseyin Can Kıncal. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer II - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Can Sözeri
Name of the employee is Yeter Çatıkkaş. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Go. Manager of the employee is Seda Yalçın
Name of the employee is Zeynep Öztürk. Works is in Product department as Associate Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Gamze Yayla
Name of the employee is Cihangir Güney. Works is in Commercial department as Marketing Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Gülşah Yıldız
Name of the employee is Emel Irmak. Works is in Operations department as Catalog Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nihal Yıldız
Name of the employee is Gökçe Ekşioğlu. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Anıl Şengün
Name of the employee is Buse Gülen. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive, GetirBüyük. Manager of the employee is Furkan Kanbur
Name of the employee is Orçun Özbay. Works is in Finance department as Finance Associate. Manager of the employee is Christopher Vareika
Name of the employee is Sezgin Kütük. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Onat Çalışkan
Name of the employee is Sinan Tursun. Works is in Finance department as Accounts Payable Executive. Manager of the employee is Meryem Yılmaz Genç
Name of the employee is Müjgan Şahiner. Works is in Marketing department as Design Team Leader, New Business. Manager of the employee is Feridun Çağkan Yüksel
Name of the employee is Tansu Demirok. Works is in Marketing department as Content Executive (Senior Level). Manager of the employee is Yasin Çatılı
Name of the employee is Mahmut Sami Şahan. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Data Analytics Specialist. Manager of the employee is Saim Furkan Şengüler
Name of the employee is Merve Cura. Works is in Finance department as Accounts Payable Executive. Manager of the employee is Nedim Çanakkale
Name of the employee is Birsen Gülşen. Works is in Finance department as Accounts Payable Specialist. Manager of the employee is Serkan Yıldız
Name of the employee is Handan Kızılpınar. Works is in Finance department as Accounts Payable Specialist. Manager of the employee is Meryem Yılmaz Genç
Name of the employee is Nilüfer Tan. Works is in Finance department as Accounts Payable Executive. Manager of the employee is Meryem Yılmaz Genç
Name of the employee is Hande Saydam. Works is in Finance department as General Accounting Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ufuk Kişi
Name of the employee is Selin Güzel. Works is in Operations department as Operational Planning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Çağlayan Ertürer
Name of the employee is Nick Engles. Works is in International Expansion department as Store Shift Lead (NL). Manager of the employee is Yasin Özer
Name of the employee is Gideon Fordjour. Works is in International Expansion department as Store Shift Lead (NL). Manager of the employee is Adel Bensid
Name of the employee is Ali Çağrı Sarak. Works is in Operations department as Operation Monitoring Manager. Manager of the employee is Enver Çifci
Name of the employee is Elif Durmuş. Works is in Operations department as Marketplace Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Aybüke Sümeyye Karaağaç
Name of the employee is Halit Ozan Koçhisarlı. Works is in Sales department as Key Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Ozan Saraç
Name of the employee is Umut Cemal Kıraç. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Fraud & Audit Analytics Head. Manager of the employee is Mahmut Turan
Name of the employee is Erman Özkars. Works is in Operations department as Constructional Projects Executive. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Günaydın
Name of the employee is Neslihan Levent. Works is in Operations department as Architect. Manager of the employee is Emel Kestek
Name of the employee is Yağmur Toprak. Works is in Marketing department as GetirYemek Brand Intern. Manager of the employee is Can Bilgehan
Name of the employee is Tanyel Emre Boz. Works is in Finance department as Sales Finance Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Ecehan Gürkan
Name of the employee is Uğur Avcı. Works is in Operations department as GetirSu Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Serdar Kuvvet
Name of the employee is Hamdi Bayhan. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - .Net. Manager of the employee is Çağdaş Karademir
Name of the employee is Gülce Baki. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Designer. Manager of the employee is Merve Yapıcı
Name of the employee is Ecem Atalay. Works is in Marketing department as Digital Marketing Associate. Manager of the employee is İlay Karateke
Name of the employee is Eda Mutlu. Works is in Finance department as Accounts Payable Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nedim Çanakkale
Name of the employee is Aziz Değirmencioğlu. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Fatih Kuş
Name of the employee is İlayda Ekici. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Designer (Mid Level). Manager of the employee is Müjgan Şahiner
Name of the employee is Yunus Emre Şişman. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Oğuz Özdökmeci
Name of the employee is Cerenay Çoşkun. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Ali Keskin
Name of the employee is Christian Louis Jacobs. Works is in Operations department as Area Manager. Manager of the employee is Sofia Koleva
Name of the employee is Gemma Louise Brunning. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Manager. Manager of the employee is Jenny Thomason
Name of the employee is Rim Karrakchou. Works is in Commercial department as Partnership/Sponsorship Manager. Manager of the employee is Flavie Marie Elisabeth Mulot
Name of the employee is Joey Schenker. Works is in International Expansion department as Store Shift Lead (NL). Manager of the employee is Adel Bensid
Name of the employee is Merve Aykun. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist (NL). Manager of the employee is Glenn Hermans
Name of the employee is Khadija Marghadi. Works is in People department as ER Associate. Manager of the employee is Chantalle Van Goor
Name of the employee is Afolabi Samsudeen Olawale. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Murat Doğu
Name of the employee is Andrea Morlotti. Works is in International Expansion department as Store Shift Lead (NL). Manager of the employee is Edwin Berkemeijer
Name of the employee is Rebecca Ivy Boafo Brewu. Works is in People department as Payroll Manager. Manager of the employee is Insia Valika
Name of the employee is Steven Pitt. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Manager. Manager of the employee is Gulcin Gaves
Name of the employee is Kemal Toprak. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Loss Prevention Executive. Manager of the employee is Sadık Ateş
Name of the employee is Mehmet Can İncircioğlu. Works is in Transformation department as Transformation Executive. Manager of the employee is Ece Uslu
Name of the employee is Bilgenur Silan. Works is in Marketing department as Brand Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Çiner
Name of the employee is Mehmet Deniz Saydam. Works is in Operations department as Head of Store Conversion. Manager of the employee is Murat İlgin
Name of the employee is İsa Gül. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - FE - React. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Hızlıoğlu
Name of the employee is Tuğba Zülfikaroğlu. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Can Berk Yekedüz
Name of the employee is Onur Yeşilnacar. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - .Net. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar (gysem)
Name of the employee is Süleyman Eren. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Team Lead (FR). Manager of the employee is Susann Juliette Hasani
Name of the employee is Muhammed Mert İlyas. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist (FR). Manager of the employee is Süleyman Eren
Name of the employee is Semra Ağrıtmış. Works is in Growth department as Growth Executive. Manager of the employee is Ali İhsan Eren
Name of the employee is Emre İbrahim Büyükkalfa. Works is in Operations department as Operations Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is Doğuş Murat Domaç
Name of the employee is Sedef Er. Works is in Operations department as Equipment Planning Executive. Manager of the employee is Orçun Gültakan
Name of the employee is Deniz Arı. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Emir Türedi
Name of the employee is Efecan Çetin. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Göktürk Gök
Name of the employee is Davut Talha Beğendi. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Bünyamin Akın
Name of the employee is Cemre Dilan Şenli. Works is in Data department as Lead Data Scientist. Manager of the employee is Yiğit Çetinel
Name of the employee is Sinem Gaye Aşkın. Works is in Legal department as Head of Legal Competition. Manager of the employee is Hatice Senem Uysal
Name of the employee is Mehmet Oğuz Kütle. Works is in Operations department as Catalog Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nihal Yıldız
Name of the employee is Murat Koçak. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - GIS Developer. Manager of the employee is Erdem Uysal
Name of the employee is Hüseyin Bulut Serel. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Serkan Yoğuran
Name of the employee is Celal Berke Can. Works is in Data department as Data Science Intern. Manager of the employee is Şükrü Bezen
Name of the employee is Richard Edward North. Works is in Franchise Development department as Regional Head of Franchise Development. Manager of the employee is Turancan Salur
Name of the employee is Georgia Ann Woodward. Works is in Commercial department as Buyer. Manager of the employee is Andrew Ayres
Name of the employee is Haider Shahid. Works is in Operations department as Area Manager. Manager of the employee is Derek Richard Lascelles Pollard
Name of the employee is Johannes Marchal. Works is in International Expansion department as Store Manager (NL). Manager of the employee is Sander Martijn Van Der Stroom
Name of the employee is Sunita Malla. Works is in Finance department as Finance Specialist. Manager of the employee is Mihaela Popinciuc
Name of the employee is Ceren Aral Desnos. Works is in Legal department as Head of Legal. Manager of the employee is Robert Nicolas Musikas
Name of the employee is Bilal El Bacha. Works is in International Expansion department as Assistant Store Manager (NL). Manager of the employee is Hamza Zouhry
Name of the employee is Gabriel Diaz Galan. Works is in Transformation department as Head of Rider Operations. Manager of the employee is Robert Nicolas Musikas
Name of the employee is Bahar Aydın. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tuğba Kurtini
Name of the employee is Merve Gençay Akaslan. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Cemre Çalhan
Name of the employee is Hediye Hatice Yüksel. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Cemre Çalhan
Name of the employee is Yasemin Kundakçı. Works is in Operations department as Marketplace Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Aybüke Sümeyye Karaağaç
Name of the employee is Kübra Durmaz. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ali Çağrı Sarak
Name of the employee is Kardelen Emine Boyraz. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Social Media Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Kamış
Name of the employee is Işılay Sarıoğlu. Works is in Operations department as Operational Efficiency Specialist. Manager of the employee is Emine Turhan
Name of the employee is Hamza Drine. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Regional Field Proposition, Engagement and Loyalty Manager. Manager of the employee is Thomas Waldman
Name of the employee is Fadile Zeynep Ercan. Works is in Operations department as Catalog Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nihal Yıldız
Name of the employee is Kübra Çayıroğlu. Works is in Finance department as Finance Executive. Manager of the employee is Cansu Taşkan
Name of the employee is Selcan Çepni Nalbantoğlu. Works is in Sales department as Sales Specialist. Manager of the employee is Okan Tamtürk
Name of the employee is Erol Burak Temizci. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer II - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Can Sözeri
Name of the employee is Dila Oğuz. Works is in Operations department as Catalog Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burak Ayaz
Name of the employee is Abdukhalil Tukhtashev. Works is in Commercial department as Trade Marketing Intern (DE). Manager of the employee is Ozan Ciğerli
Name of the employee is Wail Djellouah. Works is in Operations department as Fleet Associate. Manager of the employee is Adam Mahloul
Name of the employee is Ugur Eyuboglu. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is David Hunt
Name of the employee is Aicha El Asla. Works is in International Expansion department as Store Shift Lead (NL). Manager of the employee is Ryan Danabie
Name of the employee is Siham Kajdouh. Works is in International Expansion department as Store Shift Lead (NL). Manager of the employee is Ryan Danabie
Name of the employee is Emre Erdem. Works is in Operations department as SE KPI & Performance Executive. Manager of the employee is Sinan Ak
Name of the employee is Özge Kuyucuoğlu. Works is in People department as People Business Partnering Manager. Manager of the employee is Nezihe Dilek Ergüz
Name of the employee is Sediriye Berçem Özer. Works is in Operations department as Marketplace Excellence Specialist - Chains. Manager of the employee is Fatih Nas
Name of the employee is Dilara Özdemir. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burak Yalçın Çam
Name of the employee is Ezgi Akmaz. Works is in Operations department as Catalog Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Başak Oğuz
Name of the employee is Serhat Uludağ. Works is in Health & Safety department as Health Tracking Executive. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Kurtini
Name of the employee is Begüm Güven. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Anıl Şengün
Name of the employee is Samed Tekeli. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Relations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Osman Burak Işık
Name of the employee is Ayhan Büyükbozdoğan. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Tayfun Özdoğan
Name of the employee is Aleyna Karalar. Works is in Engineering department as Intern - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Eniz Gülek
Name of the employee is Erinç Erensoy. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Hatice Evren
Name of the employee is Bilgehan Palalıoğlu. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - .Net. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar (gysem)
Name of the employee is Can Sözeri. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Muhammet Aziz Arslan
Name of the employee is Muharrem Serhat Çulhalık. Works is in Product department as Lead Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Orkun Kaan Türeyyen
Name of the employee is Tuna Can Taner. Works is in GetirFinance department as GetirFinance Manager. Manager of the employee is Gonca Yılmaz Demirağ
Name of the employee is Erkan Yavuz. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Training Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hamit Çıtak
Name of the employee is Güven Şen. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Executive. Manager of the employee is Murat Saral
Name of the employee is Ecem Ülkü Senerman. Works is in Sales department as Sales Development & Performance Specialist. Manager of the employee is Özge Kanbur
Name of the employee is Serranas Gökden. Works is in Growth department as Growth Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Elif Gökçe Gürbüz
Name of the employee is Beratcan Güreş. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar (gysem)
Name of the employee is Julia Davison. Works is in Product department as Transformation Lead. Manager of the employee is Kaan Emeç
Name of the employee is Yasin Özer. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Antonino Munafò
Name of the employee is Feruze Gökçek. Works is in Operations department as Architect. Manager of the employee is Emel Kestek
Name of the employee is Sofyan Fatouh. Works is in International Expansion department as Store Shift Lead (NL). Manager of the employee is Ryan Danabie
Name of the employee is Atakan Acar. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Abdullah Akyüz
Name of the employee is Furkan Barış Gül. Works is in Growth department as Growth Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hazel Dilruba Akyüz
Name of the employee is Kadife Aydoğan. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Begüm Şimşek
Name of the employee is Halil İbrahim Efe. Works is in Finance department as Regional FP&A Executive. Manager of the employee is Robert Boomer
Name of the employee is Tuğba Aydemir. Works is in Finance department as Finance Executive. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Tahir Yumukoğlu
Name of the employee is Erdal Pınarcı. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Loss Prevention Executive. Manager of the employee is Sadık Ateş
Name of the employee is Melek Pulli. Works is in Operations department as Project Management Specialist. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Günaydın
Name of the employee is Mehmet Önay. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Digital Marketing Manager. Manager of the employee is Melin Öztürk
Name of the employee is Andrew John Mackintosh. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Head of Government Relations. Manager of the employee is Dominick Francis Moxon-tritsch
Name of the employee is Samet Adilak. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Salih Berk Özgüle
Name of the employee is Bilal Sevil. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Quality Supervisor. Manager of the employee is Alper Tekin
Name of the employee is Berk Tunç. Works is in Operations department as SE Field Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burcu Kartal
Name of the employee is Elif Gönen. Works is in Growth department as Growth Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Elif Gökçe Gürbüz
Name of the employee is Kağan Ilgın. Works is in Operations department as SE KPI & Performance Specialist. Manager of the employee is Sinan Ak
Name of the employee is Sefa Şatır. Works is in Operations department as New Business Operations Team Leader. Manager of the employee is Cem Utku Kasap
Name of the employee is Berk Yıldırım. Works is in Operations department as Quality Executive, Field. Manager of the employee is Merve Kızıldağ
Name of the employee is Hasan Gözükan. Works is in Operations department as Operations Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is Ali Emir Çakmak
Name of the employee is Hasan Taha Yürük. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hasan Gözükan
Name of the employee is Aslı Bilecen. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist (FR). Manager of the employee is Süleyman Eren
Name of the employee is Deniz Çiğdem. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist (DE). Manager of the employee is Leyla Sharif
Name of the employee is Gülcan Esmer. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist (DE). Manager of the employee is Leyla Sharif
Name of the employee is Russell Forster. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Director. Manager of the employee is Yasemin Çelikboy
Name of the employee is Jacob Ashley Callum Dawson. Works is in Operations department as Ops Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Adam Benjamin Crombie
Name of the employee is Chems Eddine Fethazzar. Works is in Operations department as Assistant Manager. Manager of the employee is Mamadou Fade
Name of the employee is Esra Beren Aygör. Works is in Operations department as Marketplace Excellence Specialist - Key Merchants. Manager of the employee is Elif Güner
Name of the employee is Sercan Işıdı. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Sağlam
Name of the employee is Yağmur Sultan Şahin. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Mert Burnaz
Name of the employee is Talha Uçar. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Koray İspir
Name of the employee is Ferahnaz Geyik. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Quality Specialist. Manager of the employee is Bilal Sevil
Name of the employee is Mehmet Ali Bakırtaş. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Asil Akın
Name of the employee is Süleyman Gökdemir. Works is in Marketing department as Motion Designer (Senior Level). Manager of the employee is Müjgan Şahiner
Name of the employee is Serhat Mirkan Acar. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist II. Manager of the employee is Hasan Burak Yel
Name of the employee is Nareg Boynukalın. Works is in Data department as Data Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Hüseyin Yağız Yanıkoğlu
Name of the employee is Hatice Samancı. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tuğba Kurtini
Name of the employee is Canan Kahraman. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Cemre Çalhan
Name of the employee is Thi Bich Phuong Ngo Nyugen Trong. Works is in People department as Senior Payroll Associate. Manager of the employee is Konstantinoff Jeanne-marie
Name of the employee is Deniz Üner. Works is in Expansion department as City Launcher. Manager of the employee is Pierre Boullé-judkiewicz
Name of the employee is Pınar Yıldırım. Works is in Operations department as Own Delivery Planning Manager. Manager of the employee is Cem Danon
Name of the employee is Oğuzhan Kiyar. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Go. Manager of the employee is Berk Ekim Paşmakoğlu
Name of the employee is Burak Liman. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Erdoğan Çetintuna
Name of the employee is Göktuğ Gürhan. Works is in Sales department as Regional Sales & Account Manager. Manager of the employee is Serkan Çiçek
Name of the employee is Mertcan İleri. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Göktuğ Gürhan
Name of the employee is Berkin Bozkurt. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Uğur Bektaş
Name of the employee is Büşra Erdoğmuş. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Uğur Bektaş
Name of the employee is Can Korkmaz. Works is in Operations department as New Business Operations Specialist, Field. Manager of the employee is Sefa Şatır
Name of the employee is Sarper Tuncer. Works is in Sales department as Sales Specialist. Manager of the employee is Salih Berk Özgüle
Name of the employee is Samet Kılıç. Works is in Operations department as Marketplace Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Seren Tarakcı
Name of the employee is Ahmet Özer. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - Platform. Manager of the employee is Erinç Erensoy
Name of the employee is Janbaz Ali. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Shashank Junna Basanna
Name of the employee is Gülsen Nur Toy. Works is in Engineering department as Software Support Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Sezer Bağlan
Name of the employee is Yasin Peksoy. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Executive. Manager of the employee is Fatih Bekir
Name of the employee is Ecem Kaya. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Digital Marketing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ekin Coşkun
Name of the employee is Miranda Cornelia Adriana Van Houwelingen. Works is in Marketing department as Head of Marketing. Manager of the employee is Florian Brunsting
Name of the employee is Elif Özgün Kaftancıoğlu. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Corporate Communications Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ecenaz Saraçoğlu
Name of the employee is Anıl Büyükkardeşler. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist II. Manager of the employee is Şükrü Yakupoğlu
Name of the employee is İrem Karar. Works is in Sales department as Key Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Ozan Saraç
Name of the employee is Ayça Sungur. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Uğur Bektaş
Name of the employee is Kemal Burak Yöndem. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Elif Çar Albey
Name of the employee is Lara Elifnaz Homurlu. Works is in Marketing department as Media Executive. Manager of the employee is Ayşe Seda Yurteri Kuraloğlu
Name of the employee is Dillond Richards. Works is in International Expansion department as Store Shift Lead (NL). Manager of the employee is Adel Bensid
Name of the employee is Pierre Boullé-judkiewicz. Works is in Expansion department as Real Estate Expansion Manager. Manager of the employee is Gabriel Diaz Galan
Name of the employee is Fırat Sarıçimen. Works is in Finance department as Head of Tax & Accounting. Manager of the employee is Ali Köroğlu
Name of the employee is Buket Taş. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist (DE). Manager of the employee is Leyla Sharif
Name of the employee is Fevzi Şukuf. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist (DE). Manager of the employee is Leyla Sharif
Name of the employee is Ayşe Nur Daş. Works is in Supply Chain department as Quality Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burcu Aksoy (qse)
Name of the employee is Genevieve Peace Vicini. Works is in Performance department as Performance Operations Associate. Manager of the employee is Moni Krausz
Name of the employee is Melis Kahyaoğlu. Works is in People department as People Business Partnering Manager. Manager of the employee is Alp Hamidoğlu
Name of the employee is Bora Tanrıverdi. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Development Manager. Manager of the employee is Erhan İnanılır
Name of the employee is İsmet Öker. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Director. Manager of the employee is Hakan Kal
Name of the employee is Pelin Bostancı. Works is in Operations department as Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Günaydın
Name of the employee is Eda Deniz. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Strategy & PMO Manager. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Güleç
Name of the employee is Eymen Fırat Durmaz. Works is in Supply Chain department as Head of Supply Chain, Getirwater. Manager of the employee is Hakan Kal
Name of the employee is Tevfik Yasin Arda Öztürk. Works is in Operations department as Marketplace Excellence Specialist - Chains. Manager of the employee is Fatih Nas
Name of the employee is Hakan Demirağ. Works is in Sales department as Partnership Executive. Manager of the employee is Kaan Batu Çayıroğlu
Name of the employee is Damla Erünsal. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ali Çağrı Sarak
Name of the employee is Gizem Dizman. Works is in Operations department as Catalog Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Başak Oğuz
Name of the employee is Sibel Aköz. Works is in Customer department as Customer Experience Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Cansu Öztürk
Name of the employee is Zeynep Derya Özdemir. Works is in Finance department as Finance Executive. Manager of the employee is Pınar Özak
Name of the employee is Altan Özer. Works is in Finance department as Head of Accounts Payable. Manager of the employee is Ali Köroğlu
Name of the employee is Şakir Yiğit Gündüz. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Design Intern. Manager of the employee is Müjgan Şahiner
Name of the employee is Kazım Emre Yüksel. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist II. Manager of the employee is Hasan Burak Yel
Name of the employee is Cansu Bayraktar. Works is in Operations department as Operations Performance & Finance Executive. Manager of the employee is Emir Oltulugil
Name of the employee is Can Özdoğancı. Works is in Strategy department as Strategy Executive. Manager of the employee is Elif Maro
Name of the employee is Şevki Koray Birkardeşler. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Software Support Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Fatih Bademli
Name of the employee is Fatih Barış Aydın. Works is in Growth department as Growth Executive. Manager of the employee is Tilbe Sunay Kahveci
Name of the employee is Furkan Aksoy. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Go. Manager of the employee is Can Sözeri
Name of the employee is Sabiha Hızal Bal. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Rifat Çağrı Ekin
Name of the employee is Aysun Çontuk. Works is in Operations department as SE Central Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burcu Kartal
Name of the employee is Can Ekici. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Operational Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is Süleyman İlker Özcan
Name of the employee is Ege Arda Yalçınkaya. Works is in Operations department as Quality Specialist, Central. Manager of the employee is Merve Kızıldağ
Name of the employee is Zeynep Nalbantoğlu. Works is in Customer department as Knowledge & Insights Manager. Manager of the employee is İpek Biçaço
Name of the employee is Can Veysel Kaşka. Works is in Finance department as Finance Intern. Manager of the employee is Meryem Yılmaz Genç
Name of the employee is Burak Eren. Works is in Operations department as Quality Specialist, Field. Manager of the employee is Merve Kızıldağ
Name of the employee is Insia Valika. Works is in People department as Global Director, People Systems & Operations. Manager of the employee is Selin Barlın Aral
Name of the employee is Philip Kasper. Works is in Commercial department as Regional Partnerships Manager. Manager of the employee is Nur Erciyas
Name of the employee is Aldrich Adrian Fernandes. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Regional Courier Onboarding Associate. Manager of the employee is Tom Wylde
Name of the employee is Nazlı Çetinkaya. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist (DE). Manager of the employee is Leyla Sharif
Name of the employee is İlke Soysal. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist (UK). Manager of the employee is Mireia Navarro López
Name of the employee is Büşra Güven. Works is in Marketing department as Media Executive. Manager of the employee is Ayşe Seda Yurteri Kuraloğlu
Name of the employee is Muhammed Furkan Habiboğlu. Works is in People department as Payroll Specialist. Manager of the employee is Salih Menteş
Name of the employee is Ahmet Salih Can. Works is in Product department as Senior Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Anıl Karamanlıoğlu
Name of the employee is Emiralp Angı. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burak Yalçın Çam
Name of the employee is Cemre Tanyel. Works is in Marketing department as Social Media Team Leader. Manager of the employee is Feridun Çağkan Yüksel
Name of the employee is Berru Nas Güneş. Works is in Commercial department as Alternative Revenue Channels Specialist. Manager of the employee is Kağan Karataylı
Name of the employee is Gerard Espinet. Works is in Management department as Deputy GM. Manager of the employee is Hunab Moreno Casillas
Name of the employee is Vishal Verma. Works is in Transformation department as Transformation Director. Manager of the employee is Cafer Sadık Gençoğlan
Name of the employee is Joan Marc Pedro Mateos. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Alper Ergin
Name of the employee is Hunab Moreno Casillas. Works is in Management department as Country General Manager. Manager of the employee is Osman Berker Yağcı
Name of the employee is Beatriz Pizarro Da Costa Alves Chaves. Works is in Commercial department as Buying Associate. Manager of the employee is Ingrid Artiola
Name of the employee is Luis Carlos Almada Delgado. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Manager. Manager of the employee is Pasquale Nugnes
Name of the employee is Mert Gürsel. Works is in Commercial department as Head of Category Purchasing. Manager of the employee is Batuhan Gültakan
Name of the employee is Mert Aslan. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Emre İbrahim Büyükkalfa
Name of the employee is Abdulkadir Bayoğlu. Works is in Engineering department as Software Support Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Sezer Bağlan
Name of the employee is Emre Mert Özdemir. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Barış Eser
Name of the employee is Orçun Kara. Works is in Operations department as Business Analytics & Performance Manager. Manager of the employee is Erol Şimşek
Name of the employee is İrem Polat. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Planning Executive. Manager of the employee is Kadir Yılmaz
Name of the employee is Duygu Koçer. Works is in Product department as Senior Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Hulusi Duru İlter
Name of the employee is Mustafa Sedat Arısoy. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Digital Marketing Executive. Manager of the employee is Bartu Berat Sarıgül
Name of the employee is Utku Deniz Dinçtürk. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Şükrü Yakupoğlu
Name of the employee is Deniz Şener. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Shivam Arora
Name of the employee is Beyza Ozan. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer Intern. Manager of the employee is Seda Yalçın
Name of the employee is Uğur Bektaş. Works is in Sales department as Regional Sales & Account Manager. Manager of the employee is Serkan Çiçek
Name of the employee is Bachir Garanke. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Associate. Manager of the employee is Erwan Charles Christian Abillard
Name of the employee is Arthur Yafes Sempebwa. Works is in Marketing department as Content Creator. Manager of the employee is Nicholas Alexander Casby
Name of the employee is Adith Dinesh. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Ali Karzan
Name of the employee is Albert Gómez Barot. Works is in Operations department as Operations Excellence Associate. Manager of the employee is David Diez Oliva
Name of the employee is Atul Chandran. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Baran Kaan Sert
Name of the employee is Claire Rebecca Mary Andrews. Works is in People department as People Business Partner. Manager of the employee is Gemma Llerena Cabre
Name of the employee is David Sanchez Peña. Works is in Data department as Data Analyst. Manager of the employee is Nilay Fahlioğulları Demir
Name of the employee is Dyaa El-din Badr Maraña. Works is in Customer Services department as Regional Customer Service Manager. Manager of the employee is Mathias Nahmanovici
Name of the employee is Antonino Munafò. Works is in Operations department as Head of Operations (NL). Manager of the employee is Florian Brunsting
Name of the employee is Elmira Bannikova. Works is in People department as Global People Operations Manager. Manager of the employee is Insia Valika
Name of the employee is Eric Garcia Garcia. Works is in Expansion department as Facilities Specialist. Manager of the employee is Carla Matarrodona Roig
Name of the employee is Hernan Alejandro Pereira Espinoza. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Associate. Manager of the employee is Sebastian Burt Fleitas
Name of the employee is Javier Alti Sanchez-aguilera. Works is in Marketing department as Marketing Activations Manager. Manager of the employee is Janina Berlinghoff Farrero
Name of the employee is Laura Brenes Teixido. Works is in Marketing department as Head of Marketing. Manager of the employee is Hunab Moreno Casillas
Name of the employee is Martina Ciuna. Works is in People department as People Operations Associate. Manager of the employee is Özge Kuyucuoğlu
Name of the employee is Michele Bassetto. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Manager. Manager of the employee is Lorenzo Pirami
Name of the employee is Kadir Çağlar Topçuer. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist (UK). Manager of the employee is Anıl Turhan
Name of the employee is Nicolas Santamaria Beltran. Works is in Commercial department as Buying Lead. Manager of the employee is David Cordero Mendoza
Name of the employee is Olivia Valle Nieto. Works is in People department as People Specialist. Manager of the employee is Claire Rebecca Mary Andrews
Name of the employee is Raül Subias Sanchis. Works is in Supply Chain department as Demand Planning Specialist. Manager of the employee is İsmail Enes Alkaya
Name of the employee is Rebeca Ramon Regàs. Works is in Marketing department as Marketing Manager. Manager of the employee is Laura Brenes Teixido
Name of the employee is Ruben Marinus Josephus Sertons. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Manager. Manager of the employee is David Cordero Mendoza
Name of the employee is Sebastian Burt Fleitas. Works is in Supply Chain department as (Interim) Logistics Manager. Manager of the employee is Luis Carlos Almada Delgado
Name of the employee is Shaurya Nigam. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Hulusi Duru İlter
Name of the employee is Srikanth Venkatesha Rao Arakali. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Hüseyin Ergon
Name of the employee is Victor Canfranc Soriano. Works is in Operations department as Area Operations Manager. Manager of the employee is Marc Dos Santos-vaquinhas Blanco
Name of the employee is Zaydelys Del Valle Milla Gallardo. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Victor Canfranc Soriano
Name of the employee is Eduardo Soto. Works is in Commercial department as Partnerships Manager. Manager of the employee is David Cordero Mendoza
Name of the employee is Oriol Miralles Solà. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Service Team Leader. Manager of the employee is Dyaa El-din Badr Maraña
Name of the employee is Gizay Erhamamcı. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Murat Öztürk
Name of the employee is Burak Özer. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ulutan Yamak
Name of the employee is Büşra Konukçu. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Cemre Çalhan
Name of the employee is Anıl Hancıoğlu. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Kamış
Name of the employee is Emine Elgün. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Yasemin Kuas
Name of the employee is Taylan Öztürk. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Kamış
Name of the employee is Rabia Çelik. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Social Media Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Kamış
Name of the employee is Esra Özbaş. Works is in Customer Services department as Process Design Executive. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Mansur Uyar
Name of the employee is Emma Darcy Arbisman. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Manager. Manager of the employee is Jenny Thomason
Name of the employee is Tuğba Kurtini. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Derya Çınar Yaslıtaş
Name of the employee is Burak Kaan Gökkaya. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Social Media Specialist (UK). Manager of the employee is Mireia Navarro López
Name of the employee is Bilge Günay. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Cem Ateş
Name of the employee is Mounif Sbei. Works is in Operations department as Fleet & Equipment Manager. Manager of the employee is Lukasz Darnielewicz
Name of the employee is Rozan Demirkaya. Works is in Commercial department as Junior Category Buyer. Manager of the employee is Eike Lütjen
Name of the employee is Vasudha Kulkarni. Works is in Customer department as International Customer Experience Manager. Manager of the employee is Duygu Öztürk
Name of the employee is Victor Julien Christopher. Works is in Commercial department as Category Specialist. Manager of the employee is Buket Kahraman
Name of the employee is Arnaud Segor. Works is in Operations department as Assistant Manager. Manager of the employee is Sebiane Djamel
Name of the employee is Şevkiye Canbulat. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Crisis Management Manager. Manager of the employee is Dilge Berktaş
Name of the employee is Hasan Ali Yılmaz. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Specialist. Manager of the employee is Batuhan Tuna
Name of the employee is Başak Evrim Daltaban. Works is in People department as People Department Vice President. Manager of the employee is Selin Barlın Aral
Name of the employee is Serkan Kılıç. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Specialist, GetirBüyük. Manager of the employee is Fatih Çakıroğlu
Name of the employee is Selim Dalseven. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Executive. Manager of the employee is Murat Saral
Name of the employee is Harriet Lowe. Works is in Marketing department as Marketing Manager. Manager of the employee is Danny Barry
Name of the employee is Jorge Luis Urosa Velazco. Works is in People department as Lead People Business Partner. Manager of the employee is Insia Valika
Name of the employee is Ilyass El Johari. Works is in International Expansion department as Store Shift Lead (NL). Manager of the employee is Koen Sandstra
Name of the employee is Murat Kaan Temizkan. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ezgi Yalçın
Name of the employee is Yasemin Peker. Works is in Growth department as Growth Strategy Manager. Manager of the employee is Mutlu Işık
Name of the employee is Oğuz Orhun Tüzgen. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE - Go. Manager of the employee is Can Sözeri
Name of the employee is Çetin Cihan Eser. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Asil Akın
Name of the employee is Gül Sena Yılmaz. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Emeti Erol
Name of the employee is Marius Geiker. Works is in Transformation department as Head of Business Optimization - Europe. Manager of the employee is Gabriele Tagliavia
Name of the employee is Mustafa Mert Önen. Works is in People department as Global Learning & Capability Manager. Manager of the employee is Milena Scekic
Name of the employee is Ece Adıgüzel. Works is in Finance department as International Treasury Specialist. Manager of the employee is Volkan Kavasoğlu
Name of the employee is Sinan Ak. Works is in Operations department as KPI & Performance Manager. Manager of the employee is Fatih Nas
Name of the employee is Kaan Akyiğit. Works is in Marketing department as Head of Marketing. Manager of the employee is Elif Çar Albey
Name of the employee is Burak Yılmaz (gçkae). Works is in Sales department as Key Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Ozan Saraç
Name of the employee is Cemre Şahin. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Corporate Communications Specialist. Manager of the employee is Serhat Karakaya
Name of the employee is Funda Demir. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Business Analyst I. Manager of the employee is Seda Yalçın
Name of the employee is Zehair Chakri. Works is in Operations department as Rider Engagement Associate. Manager of the employee is Morgan Desnoyelle
Name of the employee is Kaustubh Altekar. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Criston Sylvester Lobo
Name of the employee is Elifnaz Başer. Works is in Finance department as Controlling Executive (UK). Manager of the employee is Özgün Cankurt
Name of the employee is Ali Mensur. Works is in Operations department as Operations Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Caner Sürel
Name of the employee is Alp Cin. Works is in Operations department as Operations Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is Caner Sürel
Name of the employee is Arif Utku Polat. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Specialist. Manager of the employee is Sevilay Günay
Name of the employee is Şevket Öztaş. Works is in Operations department as Operations Solutions & Design Manager. Manager of the employee is Murat Gülen
Name of the employee is Hakan Erkan. Works is in Operations department as Equipment Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Orçun Gültakan
Name of the employee is Alperen Talaslıoğlu. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Baran Kaan Sert
Name of the employee is Anıl Yürekli. Works is in Growth department as Growth Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Kara Amantoy
Name of the employee is Samet Arslan. Works is in Commercial department as Category Purchasing Executive. Manager of the employee is Kemal Özgür Yücel
Name of the employee is Hüseyin Şengün. Works is in Product department as Associate Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Fulya Kayar Aksoyer
Name of the employee is Asım Hocagil. Works is in Marketing department as Motion Designer (Senior Level). Manager of the employee is Nuray Güney Tunçer
Name of the employee is Ersun Butur. Works is in Marketing department as Motion Designer (Senior Level). Manager of the employee is Merve Yapıcı
Name of the employee is Sezin Tetik. Works is in Data department as Senior Data Analyst I. Manager of the employee is Ceren Tabakoğlu
Name of the employee is Sevil Adıgüzel. Works is in Data department as Senior Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is İrem Şahin
Name of the employee is Mehmet Erkam Oral. Works is in Data department as Data Science Lead. Manager of the employee is Hasan Burak Yel
Name of the employee is Cansu Çelik. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Shashank Junna Basanna
Name of the employee is Necati Emir Gürsoy. Works is in Sales department as Sales Development & Performance Executive. Manager of the employee is Özge Kanbur
Name of the employee is Hakan Akça. Works is in Sales department as Sales Development & Performance Executive. Manager of the employee is Özge Kanbur
Name of the employee is Selin Önal. Works is in Business Development department as Business Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Adalet Serbest
Name of the employee is Caner Karahan. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Fatih Kuş
Name of the employee is Abdelmounaim Amajjar. Works is in International Expansion department as Store Shift Lead (NL). Manager of the employee is Adel Bensid
Name of the employee is Florian Brunsting. Works is in Management department as Country Manager. Manager of the employee is Osman Berker Yağcı
Name of the employee is Edwin Berkemeijer. Works is in Operations department as Field Audit Associate. Manager of the employee is Ruan Jurgens Van Zyl
Name of the employee is Giacomo Arturo Maria Bianchi. Works is in Growth department as Operations Excellence Associate. Manager of the employee is Dennis Richard Klomps
Name of the employee is Wendy Teuling. Works is in Commercial department as Category Buying Manager. Manager of the employee is Joost Willem Rikke Souren
Name of the employee is Sebiane Djamel. Works is in Operations department as Area Manager. Manager of the employee is Carıot Tristan
Name of the employee is Younes Masbih. Works is in International Expansion department as Assistant Store Manager (NL). Manager of the employee is Yasin Özer
Name of the employee is Pamir Arda Tekin. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Office Support Staff. Manager of the employee is Atanur Küçük
Name of the employee is Miraç Kültigin Özpek. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Uğur
Name of the employee is Erkan Temür. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Özcan Yakar
Name of the employee is Seydican Berkay Ergin. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Eren Yıldırım
Name of the employee is Serdar Aydemir. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist (DE). Manager of the employee is Leyla Sharif
Name of the employee is Janet Azadayi Bağı. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist (DE). Manager of the employee is Leyla Sharif
Name of the employee is Leo Nietgen. Works is in Operations department as Property & Facility Working Student. Manager of the employee is Maximilian Meinhold
Name of the employee is Sophie Rachel Emms. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Excellence Manager. Manager of the employee is Amelia Newland
Name of the employee is André Meneghetti Piedade. Works is in Transformation department as Transformation Associate. Manager of the employee is Gerard Espinet
Name of the employee is Mert Kara. Works is in Finance department as Financial Planning & Analysis Executive. Manager of the employee is Fatih Çetin
Name of the employee is Kübra Gürbüz Turnacık. Works is in Operations department as Occupational Health & Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Mert Burnaz
Name of the employee is İnci Dilara Yavuz. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist (UK). Manager of the employee is Anıl Turhan
Name of the employee is Selen Esen. Works is in People department as People Business Partner. Manager of the employee is Nezihe Dilek Ergüz
Name of the employee is Efe Akyıldız. Works is in Product department as Program Manager. Manager of the employee is Seren Ocak
Name of the employee is Latif Kılıç. Works is in Operations department as GIS Specialist. Manager of the employee is Harun Fehmi Karadoru
Name of the employee is Serkan Tanrıverdi. Works is in Operations department as GIS Analyst. Manager of the employee is Gülşah Uysal
Name of the employee is Berk Ekse. Works is in Operations department as Global Operations Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Metin Hacıoğlu
Name of the employee is Buminhan Haykır. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Project Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Akar
Name of the employee is İlke Barutçuoğlu. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Marketing Executive. Manager of the employee is Egehan Cevatemre
Name of the employee is Hüseyin Aygün. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Marketing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Neslişah Bayraktar Emiroğlu
Name of the employee is Yogesh Redhu. Works is in Operations department as Fleet & Gear Specialist. Manager of the employee is Matteo Franco
Name of the employee is Güngör Berkutay Otaç. Works is in Operations department as Store Conversion Operational Performance Intern. Manager of the employee is Can Aycil
Name of the employee is Hande Karataş. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Gizem Kuzucu
Name of the employee is Markos Psarros. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Nahwed Ali Younis
Name of the employee is Liliana Suarez Torre. Works is in People department as Payroll  Associate. Manager of the employee is Shivangi Gupta
Name of the employee is Ahmet Anbar. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II- Algorithm. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Ethem Demirci
Name of the employee is Noura El Haddany. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Barışcan Büyükaras
Name of the employee is Kaoutar Ouattou. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Manager. Manager of the employee is Henri Charpentıer
Name of the employee is Ricardo Vianna Juárez. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Service Quality Specialist. Manager of the employee is Dyaa El-din Badr Maraña
Name of the employee is Christopher Mark Nixon. Works is in Legal department as Regulatory Compliance Manager. Manager of the employee is Anna Claire Catharine Cosgrave
Name of the employee is Resul Yurttakalan. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Algorithm. Manager of the employee is Barış Nişancı
Name of the employee is Selay Özdemir. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Can Berk Yekedüz
Name of the employee is Yücel Ürkmez. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Kaoutar Ouattou
Name of the employee is Gülcan Yıldızhan. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist (DE). Manager of the employee is Leyla Sharif
Name of the employee is Duygu Öztürk. Works is in Customer department as Global Customer Director. Manager of the employee is Hatice Evren
Name of the employee is Melda Soymen Bacak. Works is in Legal department as Head of Legal Contracts. Manager of the employee is Hatice Senem Uysal
Name of the employee is Ahmet Burak Karagöllü. Works is in Legal department as Senior Legal Counsel. Manager of the employee is Emra Arkadaş Demirkıran
Name of the employee is Cem Ateş. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Manager. Manager of the employee is Evren Karademir Ortakçı
Name of the employee is Gizem İlhan. Works is in Operations department as Global Business Analyst & Process Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Nuray Ceylan
Name of the employee is Nazmi Mert Fen. Works is in Commercial department as Category Purchasing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tuna Koray Ağdaş
Name of the employee is Sezer Soğuksu. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tuğba Kurtini
Name of the employee is Göktürk Gök. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Rifat Çağrı Ekin
Name of the employee is Mısra Gamze Şahin. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Erhan Kalınbaçoğlu
Name of the employee is Rümeysa Akın. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Cemre Çalhan
Name of the employee is Mine Gönültaş. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Baş
Name of the employee is Zeliha Pirgaip. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tuğba Kurtini
Name of the employee is İhsan Mercan. Works is in Data department as Senior Data Analyst I. Manager of the employee is Saliha Taşıyan
Name of the employee is Ulukan Keskik. Works is in Product department as Senior Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Gizem Kuzucu
Name of the employee is Büşra Atasever. Works is in Commercial department as Category Purchasing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hakan Erik
Name of the employee is Mustafa Yahya Ayaydın. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Semih Ergüven
Name of the employee is Emir Dürüst. Works is in Finance department as International Treasury Manager. Manager of the employee is Volkan Kavasoğlu
Name of the employee is Manal Atif. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Internal Controls Lead. Manager of the employee is Cem Çamlıdere
Name of the employee is Nahwed Ali Younis. Works is in Operations department as Area Manager. Manager of the employee is Derek Richard Lascelles Pollard
Name of the employee is Alejandro Cosentino. Works is in International Expansion department as Assistant Store Manager (NL). Manager of the employee is Michelle Osborne
Name of the employee is Naaman Shahid. Works is in Growth department as Operations Excellence Associate. Manager of the employee is Dennis Richard Klomps
Name of the employee is Stefano Cefis. Works is in Health & Safety department as Health & Safety Manager. Manager of the employee is Milena Disanza
Name of the employee is Hatice Karakulah. Works is in People department as People Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Alice Atkinson
Name of the employee is Erwan Charles Christian Abillard. Works is in Operations department as City Launcher. Manager of the employee is Hieu Nguyen Trong
Name of the employee is Nadège Wendling. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Development Manager. Manager of the employee is Gabriel Diaz Galan
Name of the employee is Shashank Junna Basanna. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Muhammet Aziz Arslan
Name of the employee is Dünya Teber. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Hülya Yıldız Yılmaz
Name of the employee is Simge Şengün. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Serhan Geboloğlu
Name of the employee is Ahmet Narman. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Data Scientist. Manager of the employee is Mehmet İkbal Özmen
Name of the employee is Ceyda Cengizer. Works is in Legal department as Legal Counsel International Expansion. Manager of the employee is Ceren Aral Desnos
Name of the employee is Rokiatou Dite Dioba Coumare. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as People Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Alice Atkinson
Name of the employee is Hüseyin Melih Girgin. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ozan Ciğerli
Name of the employee is Gökhan Ayvaz. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist (UK). Manager of the employee is Mireia Navarro López
Name of the employee is Alptuğ Gökçen. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Michele Bassetto
Name of the employee is Merve Bodur. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Durmaz
Name of the employee is Turgay Çiftçiler. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Çetin (scfsm)
Name of the employee is Beytullah Gürsoy. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Social Media Specialist (UK). Manager of the employee is Anıl Turhan
Name of the employee is Melike Küçükosman. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Social Media Specialist (UK). Manager of the employee is Anıl Turhan
Name of the employee is Sevinç Deniz Salon. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Quality & Learning Specialist (UK). Manager of the employee is Riccardo Giacomazzi
Name of the employee is Beyza Nur Kavcar. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Operations Specialist (US). Manager of the employee is Görkem Tüzel
Name of the employee is Cem Kılıç. Works is in Operations department as Operations Equipment Executive. Manager of the employee is Orçun Gültakan
Name of the employee is Cansugül Gayret. Works is in Legal department as Legal Manager. Manager of the employee is Jatinder Kumar Sharma
Name of the employee is Onur Doğan. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Bahtiyar Aydemir
Name of the employee is Fazlı Sercan Yılmaz. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Kağan Küçük
Name of the employee is Cansu Taşkan. Works is in Finance department as Controlling Lead. Manager of the employee is Thomas Joachim Dennhardt
Name of the employee is Cihan Müderrisoğlu. Works is in Supply Chain department as Global Supply Chain Excellence. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Güleç
Name of the employee is Özge Ece Kalkan. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Kemal Burak Yöndem
Name of the employee is Neslihan Özçil Örkiz. Works is in Operations department as Head of Operations. Manager of the employee is Hakan Kal
Name of the employee is Onur Sabit Salman. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Nima Aboutaleby
Name of the employee is Serdar Turan. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Özgür Mustafa Sucu
Name of the employee is Merter Genlili. Works is in Marketing department as Category Manager. Manager of the employee is Kaan Akyiğit
Name of the employee is Levent Gecebegi. Works is in Operations department as Store Conversion Operational Performance Executive. Manager of the employee is Can Aycil
Name of the employee is Ali Dağ. Works is in Operations department as GIS Specialist. Manager of the employee is Cansın Akbaş Sıtkı
Name of the employee is Cansu Öztürk. Works is in Customer department as Customer Experience Executive. Manager of the employee is Cansu Ömürdeş Önder
Name of the employee is Begüm Şimşek. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Supervisor. Manager of the employee is Zeynep Tulunoğlu
Name of the employee is Jülide Simay Karakuş. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Quality Specialist. Manager of the employee is Bilal Sevil
Name of the employee is Nurseli Kurtuluş. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Customer Services Executive. Manager of the employee is Cihan Karabıyık
Name of the employee is Damla Işılay. Works is in Finance department as Sales Finance Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Emine Neşe Övündür
Name of the employee is Polat Özden. Works is in Operations department as Property Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Derya Yücedağ
Name of the employee is Serkan Doğantekin. Works is in Product department as Head Of Product. Manager of the employee is Orkun Kaan Türeyyen
Name of the employee is Rudy Raphaël Bouches. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Associate. Manager of the employee is Hieu Nguyen Trong
Name of the employee is Jose Luis Nortes Mesas. Works is in People department as People Operations Manager. Manager of the employee is Gemma Llerena Cabre
Name of the employee is Ana Maria Guiot Pastor. Works is in Marketing department as Copywriter. Manager of the employee is Laura Brenes Teixido
Name of the employee is Nicolas Vallina Rojo. Works is in Operations department as Fleet Operations Associate. Manager of the employee is Itziar Parra Plantagenet Whyte
Name of the employee is Başak Aydın. Works is in Operations department as Global Operations Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Metin Hacıoğlu
Name of the employee is Okan Tamtürk. Works is in Sales department as Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is Birkan Kül
Name of the employee is Can Berk Yekedüz. Works is in Operations department as Interim Restaurant Operations Supervisor. Manager of the employee is Zeynep Tulunoğlu
Name of the employee is Başak Arslan. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burak Yalçın Çam
Name of the employee is Bilal Arpacı. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Çetin (scfsm)
Name of the employee is Thomas Jean Alain Violleau. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Associate. Manager of the employee is Aymar Arnulf
Name of the employee is Morgan Desnoyelle. Works is in Operations department as Rider Engagement Manager. Manager of the employee is Hieu Nguyen Trong
Name of the employee is Kavya Kashipura Sathya. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - Platform. Manager of the employee is Erinç Erensoy
Name of the employee is Celine Pedro Fernandes. Works is in People department as People Business Partner Specialist	 (DE). Manager of the employee is Giordano Mettus
Name of the employee is Annamaria Sabatini. Works is in Supply Chain department as Demand & Planning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Bahadır Eden
Name of the employee is Karthikeyan Srinivasan Harith. Works is in Management department as General Manager. Manager of the employee is Osman Berker Yağcı
Name of the employee is Gökhan Akbaş. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist (FR). Manager of the employee is Süleyman Eren
Name of the employee is Gülay Yaman. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist (FR). Manager of the employee is Süleyman Eren
Name of the employee is Sinem Deniz İnci. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist (UK). Manager of the employee is Anıl Turhan
Name of the employee is Ozan Bayrakçı. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Social Media Specialist (UK). Manager of the employee is Mireia Navarro López
Name of the employee is Eray Yeşilyurt. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Cemre Çalhan
Name of the employee is Ahmed Bechichi. Works is in Operations department as Facility Associate. Manager of the employee is Aymar Arnulf
Name of the employee is Benan Bardak. Works is in Data department as Senior Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Elif Adaköy Bideci
Name of the employee is Hamza Iqbal. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Antonino Munafò
Name of the employee is William Joseph Wynter. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Development Manager. Manager of the employee is Richard Edward North
Name of the employee is Ece Nahide Akseven. Works is in People department as People Business Partner. Manager of the employee is Melis Kahyaoğlu
Name of the employee is Rabia Demirci. Works is in Commercial department as Category Purchasing Executive. Manager of the employee is Tuna Koray Ağdaş
Name of the employee is Cemrenur Şılbır. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Seda Yalçın
Name of the employee is Fatih Gül. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Hızlıoğlu
Name of the employee is Süleyman Kadir Kürhan. Works is in Operations department as GIS Executive. Manager of the employee is Gülşah Uysal
Name of the employee is Eyyüp Melik Oğuz. Works is in Operations department as Store Conversion Operations & Field Executive. Manager of the employee is Doğancan Güneş
Name of the employee is İlknur Sibel Poyraz Sarı. Works is in Finance department as Head of Financial Systems. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Güneş
Name of the employee is Hakan Kartal. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Hulusi Duru İlter
Name of the employee is Fıdan Garaylı. Works is in Product department as Senior Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Anıl Karamanlıoğlu
Name of the employee is Levent Isli. Works is in Franchise Development department as Global Head of Franchise Management. Manager of the employee is Clemens Andreas Koebele
Name of the employee is Kubilay Özden. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ozan Ciğerli
Name of the employee is George Murariu. Works is in International Expansion department as Store Manager (NL). Manager of the employee is Callman Labe Orloff
Name of the employee is María Pilar Pereiro Valcarce. Works is in Operations department as Training Excellence Associate. Manager of the employee is Itziar Parra Plantagenet Whyte
Name of the employee is Ángel Antón Linares. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Ana Maria Forero
Name of the employee is Ayşe Melike Yıldırım. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Derya Çınar Yaslıtaş
Name of the employee is Aygün Gündüz. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nurseli Kurtuluş
Name of the employee is Yunus Özdemir. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Abdullah Akyüz
Name of the employee is Ceren Tabakoğlu. Works is in Data department as Lead Data Analyst. Manager of the employee is Semih Akar
Name of the employee is Halil İbrahim Bestil. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Algorithm. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Ethem Demirci
Name of the employee is Yusuf Yiğit Yalmancı. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Emre Tanhan
Name of the employee is Cevher Zümrüt Fırıncıoğulları. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Services Specialist (Inventory Analytics). Manager of the employee is Deniz Yılmaz (iae)
Name of the employee is Halit Danagöz. Works is in Operations department as Operations Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is Caner Sürel
Name of the employee is Yakup Çelik. Works is in Supply Chain department as Franchise Quality Executive. Manager of the employee is Burcu Aksoy (qse)
Name of the employee is Elif Helin Kılınç. Works is in Health & Safety department as Safety International Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is Numan Bilgin
Name of the employee is Hakan Turgut. Works is in Health & Safety department as Health Tracking Executive. Manager of the employee is Murat Saral
Name of the employee is Cemile Şahin. Works is in Health & Safety department as Health Tracking Executive. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Kurtini
Name of the employee is Okan Gümüş. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Doğuşcan Akpınar
Name of the employee is Okan Ünal. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Doğuşcan Akpınar
Name of the employee is Tatiana Caglia. Works is in Insurance department as Insurance Associate. Manager of the employee is Uğur Tahmaz
Name of the employee is Lorenz Strehl. Works is in Management department as RGM Office . Manager of the employee is Osman Berker Yağcı
Name of the employee is Pauline Augusta Vila Creus. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Associate. Manager of the employee is Miguel Pedrosa Alonso
Name of the employee is Ana Maria Forero. Works is in Operations department as Area Manager. Manager of the employee is Marc Dos Santos-vaquinhas Blanco
Name of the employee is Khaled Hasweh. Works is in Operations department as Area Regional Operation Manager. Manager of the employee is Vito Parrinello
Name of the employee is Amir Kidwai. Works is in Operations department as Regional Real Estate Specialist. Manager of the employee is Yunus Göktaş
Name of the employee is Samuel Jack Marshall Hotham. Works is in Legal department as Trainee Solicitor. Manager of the employee is Syed Ehsan Ullah Shah
Name of the employee is Elif Şerife Dağcı. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist (SP). Manager of the employee is Oriol Miralles Solà
Name of the employee is Simge Meşe. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Enes Emre Aktuğ
Name of the employee is Kübra Kaymak. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Begüm Şimşek
Name of the employee is Murat Korkmaz. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ekrem Özdemir
Name of the employee is Aycan Tunç. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Erhan Kalınbaçoğlu
Name of the employee is Aytül Ererez. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Çağla Gülcan
Name of the employee is Canan Köroğlu. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ekrem Özdemir
Name of the employee is Ayşe Uygun. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ebru Kara
Name of the employee is Çiğdem Civelek. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ekrem Özdemir
Name of the employee is Fulya Soysal. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Çağla Gülcan
Name of the employee is Dijle Dilara Gezginci. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Enes Emre Aktuğ
Name of the employee is Gizem Gür Oğuz. Works is in Customer Services department as Information Management Specialist. Manager of the employee is Kıvılcım Karalı
Name of the employee is Dündar Aşan. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Çağla Gülcan
Name of the employee is Mehmet Aykut Kaya. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Quality & Learning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Duygu Çolak
Name of the employee is Mehtap Şabap. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ebru Kara
Name of the employee is Esra Çelik. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Soner Altay
Name of the employee is Kübra Erol. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ekrem Özdemir
Name of the employee is Ayşenur Kıran. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Birnur Çakır
Name of the employee is Mehtap Kızıltaş. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ebru Kara
Name of the employee is Ozan Bora. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Relations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Sibel Temirci
Name of the employee is Sezin Çelik. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ekrem Özdemir
Name of the employee is Yasin Kuruöz. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Enes Emre Aktuğ
Name of the employee is Neslihan Dülge. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ebru Kara
Name of the employee is Selin Ergüven. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Kamış
Name of the employee is Umut Karakoyun. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ebru Kara
Name of the employee is Leyla Baran. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ebru Kara
Name of the employee is Sevgi Şimşek. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Enes Emre Aktuğ
Name of the employee is Sibel Yanar. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Enes Emre Aktuğ
Name of the employee is Sevinç Şeker. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ekrem Özdemir
Name of the employee is John Javier Orellana Ponce. Works is in Indirect Procurement department as Import Export Manager. Manager of the employee is Anıl Egehan Algül
Name of the employee is Ecenaz Saraçoğlu. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Corporate Communication Manager. Manager of the employee is Serhat Karakaya
Name of the employee is Gülşah Küçükosman. Works is in Operations department as GIS Executive. Manager of the employee is Gülşah Uysal
Name of the employee is Sevilay Günay. Works is in Operations department as Operations Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is Murat Karakurt
Name of the employee is Mertcan İncekar. Works is in Finance department as International Treasury Executive. Manager of the employee is Volkan Kavasoğlu
Name of the employee is Mohaned Kasem. Works is in International Expansion department as Assistant Store Manager (NL). Manager of the employee is Yasin Özer
Name of the employee is Can Şahin. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Enrique Salazar Sebastiani
Name of the employee is Burak Çalışkan. Works is in Product department as Scrum Master II. Manager of the employee is Orkun Kaan Türeyyen
Name of the employee is Nilay Fahlioğulları Demir. Works is in Data department as Data Analytics Lead. Manager of the employee is Semih Akar
Name of the employee is Alp Fuat Alptekin. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Erkam Oral
Name of the employee is Şükrü Yakupoğlu. Works is in Data department as Senior Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Yiğit Çetinel
Name of the employee is Fulya Kayar Aksoyer. Works is in Product department as Senior Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Orkun Kaan Türeyyen
Name of the employee is Burak İnan. Works is in Operations department as Operational Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Enver Çifci
Name of the employee is Nilay Aslan. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Design Intern. Manager of the employee is Merve Yapıcı
Name of the employee is Büşra Karakişi. Works is in Growth department as Growth Executive. Manager of the employee is Tilbe Sunay Kahveci
Name of the employee is Dila Taylan. Works is in Growth department as Growth Specialist. Manager of the employee is Semra Ağrıtmış
Name of the employee is Gökhan Zalim. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Hamza Burak Yılmaz
Name of the employee is Riheb Ben Salah. Works is in Operations department as Area Manager. Manager of the employee is Carıot Tristan
Name of the employee is Ali Arda Kesan. Works is in Performance department as Performance Associate. Manager of the employee is Philippa Van Zuylen Van Nijevelt
Name of the employee is Alex Vila Romero. Works is in Operations department as Area Manager. Manager of the employee is Pablo Murio Fernández
Name of the employee is Arnav Chaudhary. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Hüseyin Ergon
Name of the employee is Alia Nidaa Ayad Chebib. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Relations Associate. Manager of the employee is Mac Chaudhry
Name of the employee is Jose David Suarez Ruiz. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Luis Carlos Almada Delgado
Name of the employee is Mücahit Süleyman Uysal. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Replenishment Planning Executive. Manager of the employee is Erman Keskin
Name of the employee is Recep Can Karaömeroğlu. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Quality Specialist. Manager of the employee is Bilal Sevil
Name of the employee is Giray Atalık. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Muhammed Gökdemir
Name of the employee is Hüseyin Ulvi Aydın. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Fatih Kuş
Name of the employee is Kutay Dağ. Works is in Finance department as Sales Finance Specialist. Manager of the employee is Damla Işılay
Name of the employee is Umut Özsavman. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ozan Güngör
Name of the employee is Züleyha Zengizor. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Replenishment Planning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Erman Keskin
Name of the employee is Jose Luis Lobato Vargas. Works is in Operations department as Head of Operations (DE). Manager of the employee is Turancan Salur
Name of the employee is Yassmina Baziz. Works is in People department as Payroll Specialist. Manager of the employee is Konstantinoff Jeanne-marie
Name of the employee is Büşra Poyraz Manav. Works is in Growth department as Growth Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ruken Katar
Name of the employee is Davide Nicola Calabrese. Works is in Indirect Procurement department as Procurement Associate. Manager of the employee is Lorenzo Pirami
Name of the employee is Tibet Bay. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Loss Prevention Executive. Manager of the employee is Sadık Ateş
Name of the employee is Ozan Can Eren. Works is in Data department as Senior Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Mehmet İkbal Özmen
Name of the employee is Ceyda Erten. Works is in People department as Head of Talent, Global & US. Manager of the employee is Turancan Salur
Name of the employee is Gizem Deniz. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Gizem Kuzucu
Name of the employee is Elif Demir. Works is in Operations department as Field Excellence Executive. Manager of the employee is Güray Gürsönmez
Name of the employee is Ezgi Yalçın. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Manager. Manager of the employee is Mediha Küstür Saydan
Name of the employee is Bilal Coşkun. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Çağdaş Karademir
Name of the employee is İbrahim Bahadır Bilici. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Tayfun Özdoğan
Name of the employee is Koray Gülyurt. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Abdullah Akyüz
Name of the employee is Imane Tazi. Works is in Commercial department as Category Specialist. Manager of the employee is Kaoutar Ouattou
Name of the employee is Amanda Marie Penistone. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Antonino Munafò
Name of the employee is Sara Cherif. Works is in Operations department as Payroll Specialist. Manager of the employee is Sonia Sahaly
Name of the employee is Ahmet Güleç. Works is in Supply Chain department as Chief Supply Chain Officer. Manager of the employee is Hatice Evren
Name of the employee is Çağrı Durmuş. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist (IT). Manager of the employee is Oriol Miralles Solà
Name of the employee is Ernesto Rafael López Aybar. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Alex Vila Romero
Name of the employee is Pedro Andres Guevara Lugo. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Victor Canfranc Soriano
Name of the employee is Lorenzo Jose Marquez Garaban. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Raúl Ramos Moreno
Name of the employee is Nicole Gonzalez Galdeano. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Alex Vila Romero
Name of the employee is Johander Jose Mendez Rosales. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Victor Canfranc Soriano
Name of the employee is Nelly Lenadra Romero Puerta. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Victor Canfranc Soriano
Name of the employee is Titvydas Seliukas. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Gabriel Constantin Prava
Name of the employee is Şükrü Bezen. Works is in Data department as Lead Data Scientist. Manager of the employee is Yiğit Çetinel
Name of the employee is Volkan Kavasoğlu. Works is in Finance department as International Treasury Lead. Manager of the employee is Steven Hodgeman
Name of the employee is Mehdi Bouabdellaoui. Works is in Operations department as Assistant Manager. Manager of the employee is Sébastien Germain
Name of the employee is Janeth Viviana Toscano Quiroga. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Service Manager. Manager of the employee is Luis Carlos Almada Delgado
Name of the employee is Raúl Ramos Moreno. Works is in Operations department as (Interim) Area Manager. Manager of the employee is Pablo Murio Fernández
Name of the employee is Jerson Duque Rivera. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Alex Vila Romero
Name of the employee is Sammo Wesseling. Works is in International Expansion department as Jr Real Estate Associate (NL). Manager of the employee is Mounir Adhar
Name of the employee is Evrim Bulut. Works is in Commercial department as Junior Category Buyer. Manager of the employee is Hamid Khorramdel
Name of the employee is İpek Gülen Girgin. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Government Affairs Manager. Manager of the employee is Yunus Akbaba
Name of the employee is Salih Yılmaz. Works is in GetirFinance department as Intern - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Hülya Yıldız Yılmaz
Name of the employee is Thomas Jan Van Den Dam. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Global Field Recruiting Manager. Manager of the employee is Thomas Waldman
Name of the employee is Pablo Murio Fernández. Works is in Operations department as Area Manager. Manager of the employee is Carla Carvajal Balletbo
Name of the employee is Beril Dağlı. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Services Specialist (Inventory Analytics). Manager of the employee is Deniz Yılmaz (iae)
Name of the employee is Sülbiye Ceren Karaaslan. Works is in GetirFinance department as Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Emel Elmacı
Name of the employee is Zeki Burak Kasabalı. Works is in People department as Personnel Affairs Specialist. Manager of the employee is Salih Menteş
Name of the employee is Dylan Soucheyre. Works is in Operations department as Assistant Manager. Manager of the employee is Younes Karim Zribi Ewald
Name of the employee is Damla Kocakaymak Dinçer. Works is in Product department as Senior Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Anıl Karamanlıoğlu
Name of the employee is Mert Özer. Works is in Operations department as Store Conversion Operations & Field Specialist. Manager of the employee is Doğancan Güneş
Name of the employee is Ufuk Berk Şafak. Works is in Operations department as Operations Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is Caner Sürel
Name of the employee is Ece Bengisu İşbilir. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Specialist (NL). Manager of the employee is Wendy Teuling
Name of the employee is Aakash Yadav. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Planning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Gabriela Andrade Baldini
Name of the employee is Alperen Karan. Works is in Data department as Senior Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Yiğit Çetinel
Name of the employee is Federico Spadoni. Works is in Commercial department as Category Commercial Manager. Manager of the employee is Lorenzo Pirami
Name of the employee is Hiren Gandhi. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Emin İmirhan
Name of the employee is Carlos Pena Bujan. Works is in Operations department as Area Manager. Manager of the employee is Marc Dos Santos-vaquinhas Blanco
Name of the employee is Ronny Rennier Meza Huerta. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Raúl Ramos Moreno
Name of the employee is Mert Güneş. Works is in Engineering department as Enterprise Security Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Tarık Üstüner
Name of the employee is Anthony Massaad. Works is in Growth department as Head of Performance & Growth. Manager of the employee is Florian Brunsting
Name of the employee is Cansu Deniz Aksoy. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Emre Tanhan
Name of the employee is Sercan Tabur. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Government Affairs Manager. Manager of the employee is Yunus Akbaba
Name of the employee is Yazgı Efe Kurdak. Works is in Legal department as Legal Manager. Manager of the employee is Meltem Başkaya
Name of the employee is Atakan Tunç Ülkem. Works is in Operations department as Field Projects Executive. Manager of the employee is Doğuş Murat Domaç
Name of the employee is Cansu Ömürdeş Önder. Works is in Customer department as Head of Customer Experience. Manager of the employee is Yasemin Çelikboy
Name of the employee is Fatih Nas. Works is in Operations department as Head of Service Excellence. Manager of the employee is Elif Çar Albey
Name of the employee is Ali Arda Akdeniz. Works is in Growth department as Growth Strategy Executive. Manager of the employee is Mutlu Işık
Name of the employee is Ahmet Mert Burnaz. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Manager. Manager of the employee is Murat İlgin
Name of the employee is Emre Tanhan. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Pedro Gil Carvalho
Name of the employee is Ahmet Topcu. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Offensive Security Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Tarık Üstüner
Name of the employee is Osman Eğretli. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Özgür Mustafa Sucu
Name of the employee is Muhammet Furkan Merdan. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - Algorithm. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Ethem Demirci
Name of the employee is Tutku Şimşek. Works is in Operations department as GIS Executive. Manager of the employee is Gülşah Uysal
Name of the employee is Semih Çelek. Works is in Operations department as Own Delivery Excellence Executive. Manager of the employee is Yusuf Can Çakır
Name of the employee is Çağla Önemli. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Can Berk Şen
Name of the employee is Osman Kömürcü. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Özgür Özdemir
Name of the employee is Melih Onur Kaya. Works is in Supply Chain department as Franchise Quality Executive. Manager of the employee is Burcu Aksoy (qse)
Name of the employee is Tuna Çetindamar. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Digital Marketing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Bartu Berat Sarıgül
Name of the employee is Grumiaux Ludovic. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Chafik Temmar
Name of the employee is Ayşe Rengin Onay. Works is in International Expansion department as People Consultant (USA). Manager of the employee is Elif Çar Albey
Name of the employee is Giorgia Barcella. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Partnership Specialist. Manager of the employee is Federico Spadoni
Name of the employee is Nicole Elizabeth Monteith. Works is in Legal department as Legal Counsel, Property. Manager of the employee is Sana Warraich
Name of the employee is Seçkin Ünver. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - Algorithm. Manager of the employee is Barış Nişancı
Name of the employee is Ahmet Batuhan Yılmaz. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Nima Aboutaleby
Name of the employee is Yusuf Can Kayagölü. Works is in Customer Services department as System & Process Executive. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Mansur Uyar
Name of the employee is Demet Tiryaki. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Hulusi Duru İlter
Name of the employee is Ayşe Selin Gülsoy. Works is in Supply Chain department as Quality Specialist. Manager of the employee is Yunus Emre Alp
Name of the employee is Emre Baba. Works is in Supply Chain department as Quality Specialist. Manager of the employee is Büşra Kılıç
Name of the employee is Merve Zeynep Sarıkaya. Works is in Operations department as Operations Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is Caner Sürel
Name of the employee is Valentina Nardo. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Valentina Ramello
Name of the employee is Giovanni Russo. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Salvatore Biondi
Name of the employee is Bilal Uslu. Works is in Strategy department as Strategy Executive. Manager of the employee is Elif Maro
Name of the employee is Madeleine Vidal. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Manager. Manager of the employee is Joost Willem Rikke Souren
Name of the employee is Maximiliano Alberto Gentile. Works is in Operations department as Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Ivan Bredice
Name of the employee is Carlotta Egidi. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Workforce Specialist. Manager of the employee is Matteo Braga
Name of the employee is Efe Çapar. Works is in Marketing department as Marketing & Experience Director. Manager of the employee is Yasemin Çelikboy
Name of the employee is Yasemin Çelikboy. Works is in Management department as GetirYemek Vice President. Manager of the employee is Batuhan Gültakan
Name of the employee is Salih Can Gazioğlu. Works is in Operations department as Facilities & IDP Manager. Manager of the employee is Langston Dugger
Name of the employee is Langston Dugger. Works is in Operations department as Director of Operations. Manager of the employee is Kristof Van Beveren
Name of the employee is Mark Smith. Works is in Transformation department as Head of Business Development. Manager of the employee is Adam Wacenske
Name of the employee is Cristina Vitucci. Works is in Commercial department as Fresh Category Buying Manager. Manager of the employee is Lorenzo Pirami
Name of the employee is Pierre Henri Christophe Fabre. Works is in Commercial department as Buying Associate. Manager of the employee is David Cordero Mendoza
Name of the employee is Sobhan Soheili. Works is in Performance department as Performance Associate . Manager of the employee is Batı Kaan Çanakçımaksutoğlu
Name of the employee is Giulia Polito. Works is in People department as TA Business Partner . Manager of the employee is Thomas Jean Cornelis Van Den Heuvel
Name of the employee is Svetlana Frantuz. Works is in Supply Chain department as Category Planner. Manager of the employee is Emma Darcy Arbisman
Name of the employee is İpek Saray. Works is in Product department as Head Of Product. Manager of the employee is Melis Kayhan
Name of the employee is Kushal Lakhotia. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Cihan Baş
Name of the employee is Thomas William Henry Cox. Works is in Legal department as Senior Legal Counsel . Manager of the employee is Sana Warraich
Name of the employee is Neal Roger Yasar Atikol. Works is in Commercial department as Category Buying Manager. Manager of the employee is Nicolas-charles Edouard Pace
Name of the employee is Fernando Pinto Pascual. Works is in Operations department as Fleet Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Itziar Parra Plantagenet Whyte
Name of the employee is Antoine Gardien. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Chafik Temmar
Name of the employee is Lorenzo Re Calegari. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistic Associate. Manager of the employee is Gabriele Nicora
Name of the employee is Mehmet Yiğit Çağlayan. Works is in GetirFinance department as CEO, Getir Finans. Manager of the employee is Nazım Salur
Name of the employee is Christian Di Terlizzi. Works is in Operations department as G Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Salvatore Biondi
Name of the employee is Giovanni Maranzano. Works is in Performance department as Performance Lead. Manager of the employee is Davide Tronzano
Name of the employee is John Michael Santiago. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Rider Onboarding Specialist. Manager of the employee is Matteo Braga
Name of the employee is Sinatra Margherita. Works is in Operations department as G Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Pierpaolo Cordone
Name of the employee is Alper Tunga Yurdakul. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive, GetirBüyük. Manager of the employee is Furkan Kanbur
Name of the employee is Şener Alkan. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - GIS Developer. Manager of the employee is Erdem Uysal
Name of the employee is Cansu Erbay. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Can Berk Yekedüz
Name of the employee is Süleyman İgici. Works is in Operations department as Key Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Aral Aksu
Name of the employee is Uğur Kuru. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Loss Prevention Specialist. Manager of the employee is Sadık Ateş
Name of the employee is Eren Dal. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Digital Marketing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Melin Öztürk
Name of the employee is Sevim Özgür. Works is in Marketing department as Brand Communications Manager. Manager of the employee is Nur Meltem Ersöz
Name of the employee is Orhan Yazıcı. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Muhammed Gökdemir
Name of the employee is Uğur Yetişgin. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Planning & Logistics Specialist. Manager of the employee is Deniz Alp Kantarcı
Name of the employee is Lidia Correnti. Works is in People department as People Operations And Learning & Development Associate. Manager of the employee is Guglielmo Cremona
Name of the employee is Eike Lütjen. Works is in Commercial department as Senior Category Buyer. Manager of the employee is Benjamin John Hulme
Name of the employee is Harriet June Ball. Works is in People department as Talent Acquisition Manager. Manager of the employee is Philip Morrissey
Name of the employee is Mart Vlutters. Works is in Marketing department as Marketing Manager. Manager of the employee is Miranda Cornelia Adriana Van Houwelingen
Name of the employee is Lorijn Georgea Theodora Van Der Valk. Works is in Legal department as Head of Legal. Manager of the employee is Selin Barlın Aral
Name of the employee is Joost Willem Rikke Souren. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Lead. Manager of the employee is Andreas Vente
Name of the employee is Nurefsan Merve Kerkez. Works is in Commercial department as Category Specialist. Manager of the employee is Buket Kahraman
Name of the employee is Ahmet Furkan Karadağ. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Bahtiyar Aydemir
Name of the employee is Ata Pamir. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Relations Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is İbrahim İdiç
Name of the employee is Yunus Emre Alp. Works is in Supply Chain department as Quality Executive. Manager of the employee is Yasemin Ertürk
Name of the employee is Bedirhan Güven. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Zekeriya Koç
Name of the employee is Soner Altay. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Executive. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Kurtini
Name of the employee is Berk Dedekargınoğlu. Works is in Engineering department as Offensive Security Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Tarık Üstüner
Name of the employee is Emir Tanel. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Doğuşcan Akpınar
Name of the employee is Melike Beşiktepe. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ömer Orbay
Name of the employee is Emre Can Coşkun. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Doğuşcan Akpınar
Name of the employee is Ufuk Ekran. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Çetin (scfsm)
Name of the employee is Mehmet Uluç Akkirpikler. Works is in Marketing department as Consumer Growth Analyst. Manager of the employee is Flavie Marie Elisabeth Mulot
Name of the employee is Gözde Selimoğlu. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Corporate Communications Executive. Manager of the employee is Didem Şinik Arıkan
Name of the employee is Can Olcar. Works is in Growth department as Growth Intern. Manager of the employee is Elif Burçin Amet
Name of the employee is Pedro Filipe Paiágua Bento. Works is in Marketing department as Social Media Specialist. Manager of the employee is Daniel Fernando Arevalo Lopez
Name of the employee is Elif Büşra Dilsiz. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Berk Ekim Paşmakoğlu
Name of the employee is Şevket Uludağ. Works is in Commercial department as Category Purchasing Executive. Manager of the employee is Anıl Taştemel
Name of the employee is Meltem Korkmaz. Works is in Product department as Associate Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Rüveyda Kayrın
Name of the employee is Ebru Kara. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Osman Kömürcü
Name of the employee is Erhan Kalınbaçoğlu. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Mert Burnaz
Name of the employee is Çağla Gülcan. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Fatma Zafer
Name of the employee is Zuhal Beril Demiroğlu. Works is in Operations department as Architect. Manager of the employee is Emel Kestek
Name of the employee is Mehmet Aydoğdu. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Kemal Burak Yöndem
Name of the employee is Nalan Yıldırım Özgür. Works is in People department as People Growth and Engagement Manager. Manager of the employee is Milena Scekic
Name of the employee is Derviş Köse. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Abdullah Akyüz
Name of the employee is Sibel Nur Güçük. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist (NL). Manager of the employee is Glenn Hermans
Name of the employee is Batuhan Enes Aykun. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist (NL). Manager of the employee is Glenn Hermans
Name of the employee is Mustafa Emin Sinanoğlu. Works is in Operations department as Operations Performance & Finance Specialist. Manager of the employee is Emir Oltulugil
Name of the employee is İbrahim Okan Serdaroğlu. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Umut Sayar
Name of the employee is Mamadou Fade. Works is in Operations department as Store manager. Manager of the employee is Younes Karim Zribi Ewald
Name of the employee is Lorenzo Pirami. Works is in Commercial department as Head of Buying & Commercial. Manager of the employee is Davide Tronzano
Name of the employee is Mimoza Cendey. Works is in People department as Office Manager. Manager of the employee is Sarah Lee
Name of the employee is Pablo Barcones Infante. Works is in People department as Payroll Manager. Manager of the employee is Gemma Llerena Cabre
Name of the employee is Kavita Patel. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Associate. Manager of the employee is Gulcin Gaves
Name of the employee is Serdar Can Sarlayan. Works is in Supply Chain department as Head of Supply Chain Operations. Manager of the employee is Langston Dugger
Name of the employee is Philip Morrissey. Works is in People department as Global TA Director. Manager of the employee is Selin Barlın Aral
Name of the employee is Raziye Betül Arslan. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Bedirhan Güven
Name of the employee is Atheesh Meckamkunnel Jolly. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Muhammad Zuniar Azam
Name of the employee is Mehmet Yasin Şeremet. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist II. Manager of the employee is Şükrü Bezen
Name of the employee is Tuğçe Kaya. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Corporate Communications Executive. Manager of the employee is Didem Şinik Arıkan
Name of the employee is Orkun Topçu. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Onat Çalışkan
Name of the employee is Clancy Albert. Works is in Finance department as AP Associate. Manager of the employee is Christopher Vareika
Name of the employee is Erdem Ateş. Works is in Operations department as Business Analytics & Performance Executive. Manager of the employee is Orçun Kara
Name of the employee is Bora Yıldırım. Works is in Operations department as Operational Efficiency Intern. Manager of the employee is Neslihan Özçil Örkiz
Name of the employee is Ana Salazar Gonzalez. Works is in People department as People Operations Associate. Manager of the employee is Jose Luis Nortes Mesas
Name of the employee is Si Shen. Works is in Marketing department as Regional Digital Marketing Associate. Manager of the employee is Nicholas Alexander Casby
Name of the employee is Marc Dos Santos-vaquinhas Blanco. Works is in Operations department as Regional Operations Manager. Manager of the employee is Carla Carvajal Balletbo
Name of the employee is Anıl Arda Ergüner. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive, GetirBüyük. Manager of the employee is Furkan Kanbur
Name of the employee is Onur Sertkan. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Hamitcan Fidan
Name of the employee is Emine Asena Senirli. Works is in Business Development department as Business Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is Adalet Serbest
Name of the employee is Berkay Vela. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Designer (Senior Level). Manager of the employee is Merve Yapıcı
Name of the employee is Burak Yılmaz. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Göktürk Gök
Name of the employee is Yusuf Kaan Aktürk. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Fraud Analytics & Prevention Executive. Manager of the employee is Emre Kaya
Name of the employee is Merve Bıyıklıoğlu. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Designer (Senior Level). Manager of the employee is Merve Yapıcı
Name of the employee is Elif Altıniş. Works is in People department as People Business Partner. Manager of the employee is Alp Hamidoğlu
Name of the employee is Muhammet Alapan. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Müge Yalçınkaya
Name of the employee is Fatma Zafer. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Özgür Özdemir
Name of the employee is Paul George. Works is in Operations department as Fleet & Equipment Associate. Manager of the employee is Mounif Sbei
Name of the employee is Chafik Temmar. Works is in Operations department as Area Manager. Manager of the employee is Carıot Tristan
Name of the employee is Nur Berfu Akkaş. Works is in Operations department as GIS Specialist. Manager of the employee is Gülşah Küçükosman
Name of the employee is Orkun Tekin. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Relations Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is İbrahim İdiç
Name of the employee is Selin Sunay. Works is in Operations department as Operations Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is Caner Sürel
Name of the employee is Zeynep Bezal. Works is in People department as Talent Management Executive. Manager of the employee is Nalan Yıldırım Özgür
Name of the employee is Murathan Kaplan. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Begüm Şimşek
Name of the employee is Aral Aksu. Works is in Operations department as Head of Marketplace, Getirwater. Manager of the employee is Hakan Kal
Name of the employee is Irmak Işıtman. Works is in Legal department as Legal Counsel, Corporate. Manager of the employee is Merve Çıkrıkçıoğlu Şirin
Name of the employee is Adam Mahloul. Works is in Operations department as Fleet Manager. Manager of the employee is Hieu Nguyen Trong
Name of the employee is Stefano Piergiacomi. Works is in People department as People Business Partner. Manager of the employee is Guglielmo Cremona
Name of the employee is Gopalakrishnan Raghunathan. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Pedro Gil Carvalho
Name of the employee is David Schubert. Works is in Legal department as Legal Counsel, Property. Manager of the employee is Jatinder Kumar Sharma
Name of the employee is Harold Brock. Works is in Operations department as Safety Manager. Manager of the employee is Jatinder Kumar Sharma
Name of the employee is Jennifer Huang. Works is in Commercial department as Buying Manager. Manager of the employee is İlay Karateke
Name of the employee is Tânia Rute Lavim. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Pablo Murio Fernández
Name of the employee is Sónia Marina Brás Azevedo. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Pablo Murio Fernández
Name of the employee is Cristina Magalhães. Works is in People department as People Operations Associate. Manager of the employee is Jose Luis Nortes Mesas
Name of the employee is Emre Yonca. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ercan Çiftçi
Name of the employee is Kaan Yeni. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive, GetirBüyük. Manager of the employee is Furkan Kanbur
Name of the employee is Nasria Ahmed. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as People Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Alice Atkinson
Name of the employee is Saliha Taşıyan. Works is in Data department as Lead Data Analyst. Manager of the employee is Maxime Jayyosi
Name of the employee is Umut Tekin. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Hızlıoğlu
Name of the employee is Encarnacion Soto Gustavo Adolfo. Works is in Operations department as Area Operation Manager. Manager of the employee is Khaled Hasweh
Name of the employee is Luca Romeo. Works is in Operations department as G Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Encarnacion Soto Gustavo Adolfo
Name of the employee is Kailash Zadpe. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is İlkercan Şahinbaş
Name of the employee is Eren Çatak. Works is in Growth department as Growth Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hazel Dilruba Akyüz
Name of the employee is Ahmet Altun. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - Platform. Manager of the employee is Erinç Erensoy
Name of the employee is İmren Şavli. Works is in Marketing department as Brand Executive. Manager of the employee is Berat Çağlar Karagöz
Name of the employee is Mustafa Fidan. Works is in Marketing department as Motion Designer (Senior Level). Manager of the employee is Semiha Çatalbaş
Name of the employee is Ömer Aladağ. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Nurettin Topal
Name of the employee is Cihan Yardımcı. Works is in People department as Global Total Rewards Associate. Manager of the employee is Oğuz Dokur
Name of the employee is Ege Dinç Çolakoğlu. Works is in Operations department as Store Conversion Marketing & Assortment Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ezgi Nida Burci Ener
Name of the employee is Seda Gül Türk. Works is in People department as Global Learning & Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Natasha Jasrotia
Name of the employee is Çağnur Hacımahmutoğlu Parçal. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar (gysem)
Name of the employee is Tamas Szabo (ita). Works is in Finance department as Finance Associate. Manager of the employee is İrem Çınar
Name of the employee is Andrea Macrino. Works is in Operations department as G Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Marco Cerri
Name of the employee is Youssef Lahbabi. Works is in People department as  Tech TA  Business Partner (DE). Manager of the employee is Richard Edward Ranson
Name of the employee is Francesco Zini. Works is in Commercial department as Category Buying Manager. Manager of the employee is Lorenzo Pirami
Name of the employee is Gemma Llerena Cabre. Works is in People department as Head of People. Manager of the employee is Selin Barlın Aral
Name of the employee is Nicolas-charles Edouard Pace. Works is in Commercial department as Head of Buying. Manager of the employee is Robert Nicolas Musikas
Name of the employee is İlay Karateke. Works is in Marketing department as Head of Marketing. Manager of the employee is Kristof Van Beveren
Name of the employee is Mc De Vierra Tchaptchet. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Associate. Manager of the employee is Erwan Charles Christian Abillard
Name of the employee is Merve Çıkrıkçıoğlu Şirin. Works is in Legal department as Head of Legal, Corporate. Manager of the employee is Selin Barlın Aral
Name of the employee is Raquel Cardoso Ortiga. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Pablo Murio Fernández
Name of the employee is Canberk Akbay. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Muhammed Ali Meral
Name of the employee is Caner Yazar. Works is in Operations department as Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Christian Di Terlizzi
Name of the employee is Okan Dağlı. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Doğuşcan Akpınar
Name of the employee is Marco Romano. Works is in Expansion department as Construction Manager. Manager of the employee is Vito Parrinello
Name of the employee is Marco Castelli Avolio. Works is in Operations department as G Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Marco Cerri
Name of the employee is Tiago André Neves De Almeida Pereira. Works is in Commercial department as Buying Lead. Manager of the employee is Daniel Fernando Arevalo Lopez
Name of the employee is Berfin Keskin. Works is in Growth department as Growth Executive. Manager of the employee is Alexander Böhm
Name of the employee is Ecehan Gürkan. Works is in Finance department as Sales Finance Manager. Manager of the employee is Fırat Sarıçimen
Name of the employee is İlkim Orman. Works is in Growth department as Growth Executive. Manager of the employee is Kara Amantoy
Name of the employee is Tuğba Çoban. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Hulusi Duru İlter
Name of the employee is Melis Tanışman. Works is in Operations department as Architect. Manager of the employee is Emel Kestek
Name of the employee is Halil İbrahim Bal. Works is in Finance department as Finance Intern. Manager of the employee is İrem Çınar
Name of the employee is Uğur Can Akdemir. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Abdullah Akyüz
Name of the employee is Arda Tunçalp. Works is in GetirFinance department as GetirFinans Process Design Executive. Manager of the employee is Onur Kantemir
Name of the employee is Abdullah Akyüz. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controlling Shift Management Specialist. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Çetin (scfsm)
Name of the employee is Kadir Furkan Özbilgin. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Abdullah Akyüz
Name of the employee is Muhammet Aslan. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Abdullah Akyüz
Name of the employee is Tamuna Janashia. Works is in People department as People Department Intern. Manager of the employee is Selin Baykal
Name of the employee is Alessandro Giugia. Works is in Commercial department as Category Buying Manager. Manager of the employee is Lorenzo Pirami
Name of the employee is İrem Çınar. Works is in Finance department as Controlling Lead. Manager of the employee is Igor Kadragic
Name of the employee is Loren Addison. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Manager. Manager of the employee is Michael Adams
Name of the employee is İlayda Biraltın. Works is in Legal department as Junior Legal Consel. Manager of the employee is Ceren Aral Desnos
Name of the employee is Milenko Rosic. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Associate. Manager of the employee is Hieu Nguyen Trong
Name of the employee is Abdelali Hafidi. Works is in Operations department as Real Estate Associate. Manager of the employee is Sander Martijn Van Der Stroom
Name of the employee is Lakshmi Narayanan Thirulokam. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - .Net. Manager of the employee is Çağdaş Karademir
Name of the employee is Stefano Senna. Works is in Operations department as G Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Encarnacion Soto Gustavo Adolfo
Name of the employee is Elio Miccolupi. Works is in Operations department as G Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Salvatore Biondi
Name of the employee is Yorgelis Gutierrez. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Carlos Pena Bujan
Name of the employee is Can Aras. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Hamza Burak Yılmaz
Name of the employee is Batuhan Baydar. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Hamitcan Fidan
Name of the employee is İbrahim Gül. Works is in Product department as Associate Product Manager. Manager of the employee is İpek Saray
Name of the employee is Sergen Kazancı. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Specialist. Manager of the employee is Fatih Bekir
Name of the employee is Büşra Kılıç. Works is in Supply Chain department as Quality Executive. Manager of the employee is Yasemin Ertürk
Name of the employee is Gökhan Dilbetler. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Tuğçe Kurtaran
Name of the employee is Ana Rosa Matos Godinho Campos. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Pablo Murio Fernández
Name of the employee is Kevin Garagnani. Works is in Operations department as Store manager. Manager of the employee is Ahmed Berrabah
Name of the employee is Nevra Ece Daldal. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Bahadır Ersin
Name of the employee is Ece Özçınar. Works is in Growth department as Growth Executive. Manager of the employee is Seçil Bilgiç Keleşoğlu
Name of the employee is Senem Çağlar. Works is in Operations department as Field Operations Manager. Manager of the employee is Özkan Uzunhan
Name of the employee is Emre Ayyıldız. Works is in Management department as CEO, GetirDrive. Manager of the employee is Serkan Borançılı
Name of the employee is Özkan Uzunhan. Works is in Operations department as Head of Operations. Manager of the employee is Emre Ayyıldız
Name of the employee is Behiç Armutak. Works is in Operations department as Operations Logistics Manager. Manager of the employee is Özkan Uzunhan
Name of the employee is Orhan Anlı. Works is in Operations department as Customer Relations Executive. Manager of the employee is Özkan Uzunhan
Name of the employee is Sedat Çakı. Works is in Finance department as Accounts Payable Executive. Manager of the employee is Şaban İşler
Name of the employee is Gökhan Ulukır. Works is in Operations department as Customer Relations Manager. Manager of the employee is Özkan Uzunhan
Name of the employee is Mehmet Sabri Barulay. Works is in Operations department as Security and Digital Membership Manager. Manager of the employee is Özkan Uzunhan
Name of the employee is Nazlıcan Akkuş. Works is in Product department as Associate Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Bahadır Ersin
Name of the employee is Abdullah İlkay Tüzüngüç. Works is in Operations department as Field Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Senem Çağlar
Name of the employee is Fatih Babürhan. Works is in Operations department as Field Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Senem Çağlar
Name of the employee is Alper Korkmaz. Works is in Engineering department as Business Solutions Manager. Manager of the employee is Cenk Akarçay
Name of the employee is Bekir Serdar Şahin. Works is in Operations department as Damage Operations Manager. Manager of the employee is Özkan Uzunhan
Name of the employee is Endam Kurt. Works is in Operations department as Damage Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Bekir Serdar Şahin
Name of the employee is Burcu Şimşek. Works is in Operations department as Damage Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Bekir Serdar Şahin
Name of the employee is İlker Tugaltay. Works is in Operations department as Damage Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Bekir Serdar Şahin
Name of the employee is Yavuz Terzi. Works is in Operations department as Damage Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Bekir Serdar Şahin
Name of the employee is Müjde Ergün. Works is in Finance department as Finans Temsilcisi. Manager of the employee is Gizem Kıvrak
Name of the employee is Yasemin Yaylagül. Works is in Marketing department as Brand Manager. Manager of the employee is Emre Ayyıldız
Name of the employee is Abdurrahman Sarıkaya. Works is in Operations department as Field Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Senem Çağlar
Name of the employee is Muhammet Emre Biçer. Works is in Product department as Associate Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Bahadır Ersin
Name of the employee is Reşat Öztürk. Works is in Operations department as Field Audit Manager. Manager of the employee is Özkan Uzunhan
Name of the employee is Berkay Uğurdoğan. Works is in Finance department as Satış Muhasebesi Yöneticisi. Manager of the employee is Şaban İşler
Name of the employee is Mehmet Çam. Works is in Operations department as After Sales Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Murat İnce
Name of the employee is Gökhan Küskü. Works is in Operations department as After Sales Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Murat İnce
Name of the employee is Çiğdem Coşkun. Works is in Operations department as After Sales Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Murat İnce
Name of the employee is Kemal Günlar. Works is in Operations department as After Sales Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Murat İnce
Name of the employee is Gizem Aybüke Çeri. Works is in Growth department as Growth Specialist. Manager of the employee is Yunus Emre Çankaya
Name of the employee is Ayşe Yalçın. Works is in Product department as Head of Product. Manager of the employee is Hulusi Duru İlter
Name of the employee is Ayşe Seda Yurteri Kuraloğlu. Works is in Marketing department as Head of Media. Manager of the employee is Nur Meltem Ersöz
Name of the employee is Sait Alpar Saydağ. Works is in Operations department as Head of Operations Performance & Planning. Manager of the employee is Erol Şimşek
Name of the employee is Sezer Bağlan. Works is in Engineering department as Software Support Senior Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Fatih Durmaz
Name of the employee is Anıl Taştemel. Works is in Commercial department as Category Purchasing Manager. Manager of the employee is Mert Gürsel
Name of the employee is Aybüke Büyükçerçi. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Digital Marketing Executive. Manager of the employee is İlhan Can Evrensel
Name of the employee is Büşra Karaçavuş. Works is in Data department as Data Analyst I. Manager of the employee is Nilay Fahlioğulları Demir
Name of the employee is Birsen Genelioğlu Çetinkaya. Works is in Data department as Lead Data Analyst. Manager of the employee is Semih Akar
Name of the employee is Petek Bozkurt. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Investigations & Ethics Compliance Lead. Manager of the employee is Cem Çamlıdere
Name of the employee is Konuralp Güler. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Kemal Burak Yöndem
Name of the employee is Aylin Yılmaz. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Hasan Burak Yel
Name of the employee is Emrullah Doğanyiğit. Works is in Health & Safety department as Health Tracking Executive. Manager of the employee is Murat Saral
Name of the employee is Melih Aşık. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Relations Specialist. Manager of the employee is İlyas Hazar Afiat
Name of the employee is Nur Altındiş. Works is in Operations department as Architect. Manager of the employee is Emel Kestek
Name of the employee is Recep Soylu. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Specialist, GetirBüyük. Manager of the employee is Ayhan Yiğit Kocatop
Name of the employee is Erman Keskin. Works is in Supply Chain department as Head of Replenishment Planning. Manager of the employee is Mediha Küstür Saydan
Name of the employee is Armanç Utku Polat. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Executive. Manager of the employee is Safa Ünal
Name of the employee is Öznur Ben. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ozan Güngör
Name of the employee is Berk Özdemirtufan. Works is in Finance department as Treasury Executive. Manager of the employee is Sadık Murat Ateş
Name of the employee is Berna Yaran. Works is in Customer department as Customer Experience Executive. Manager of the employee is Cansu Ömürdeş Önder
Name of the employee is Teotl Ruiz Nolasco. Works is in Marketing department as Marketing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Francesca Ranieri
Name of the employee is Ivan Bredice. Works is in Operations department as G Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Pierpaolo Cordone
Name of the employee is Stefano Gesmundo. Works is in Operations department as G Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Pierpaolo Cordone
Name of the employee is Emre Kalın. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Development Manager. Manager of the employee is Levent Isli
Name of the employee is Uğur Tahmaz. Works is in Legal department as Insurance Manager. Manager of the employee is Selin Barlın Aral
Name of the employee is Abhijeet Verma. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is İlkercan Şahinbaş
Name of the employee is Akhil Mahajan. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Criston Sylvester Lobo
Name of the employee is Alexander Streefkerk. Works is in Supply Chain department as Head of Supply Chain (Germany & Netherlands). Manager of the employee is Florian Brunsting
Name of the employee is Halilibrahim Bagci. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Amanda Marie Penistone
Name of the employee is Hans Adriaan Jan Joost Ouwendijk. Works is in Finance department as Head of Finance. Manager of the employee is Steven Hodgeman
Name of the employee is Joseph Harry Thomas Kendrick. Works is in Operations department as Fleet Specialist. Manager of the employee is Roberto Abbate
Name of the employee is Michael Adams. Works is in Operations department as Operations Lead, US. Manager of the employee is Langston Dugger
Name of the employee is Olivier Liau. Works is in Commercial department as Category Buying Manager. Manager of the employee is Nicolas-charles Edouard Pace
Name of the employee is Alessandro Manili. Works is in Commercial department as Business Development Manager. Manager of the employee is Lorenzo Pirami
Name of the employee is Nadhir Ksır. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (FR). Manager of the employee is Aurélien Dudragne
Name of the employee is Olatunde Salami. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Sahin Caglar Kalender
Name of the employee is Sofiane Belgaid. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Chafik Temmar
Name of the employee is Trix Hakstege. Works is in International Expansion department as Copywriter (NL). Manager of the employee is Miranda Cornelia Adriana Van Houwelingen
Name of the employee is Javier Rodriguez. Works is in Commercial department as Buying Associate. Manager of the employee is Antonio Maqueda Rodríguez
Name of the employee is Sonia Benzaïd. Works is in Legal department as Legal Counsel Property. Manager of the employee is Ceren Aral Desnos
Name of the employee is Kübra Genç. Works is in Finance department as Accounts Payable Intern. Manager of the employee is Altan Özer
Name of the employee is Nilgün Işıker. Works is in Operations department as Architect. Manager of the employee is Emel Kestek
Name of the employee is Özcan Yakar. Works is in Operations department as Operations Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is Seval Köklü
Name of the employee is Matteo Braga. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Rider Operations - Sr. Associate. Manager of the employee is Giacomo Ricci
Name of the employee is Janina Berlinghoff Farrero. Works is in Marketing department as Marketing Manager. Manager of the employee is Laura Brenes Teixido
Name of the employee is Maryam North. Works is in Legal department as Legal Counsel, Property. Manager of the employee is Simon Graham
Name of the employee is Shiju Lukose Kolathu. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is İlkercan Şahinbaş
Name of the employee is Cenk Akarçay. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Director. Manager of the employee is Emre Ayyıldız
Name of the employee is Egehan Cevatemre. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Marketing Manager. Manager of the employee is Beste Kaya Çilingir
Name of the employee is Doruk Can. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Nurettin Topal
Name of the employee is Feyza Deniz Bektik. Works is in Finance department as Treasury Specialist. Manager of the employee is Sinem Tüysüzoğlu Şenel
Name of the employee is Sercan Asal. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Specialist. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Sağlam
Name of the employee is İrem Oymak. Works is in Commercial department as Category Purchasing Manager. Manager of the employee is Mert Gürsel
Name of the employee is Julien Gauthier. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Chafik Temmar
Name of the employee is Zohair Bairousse. Works is in Operations department as Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Claudio Messina
Name of the employee is Berfin Eroğlu. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Birnur Çakır
Name of the employee is Görkem Cangül. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Enes Emre Aktuğ
Name of the employee is Eylem Yağan. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ebru Kara
Name of the employee is Elvan Şen. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Çağla Gülcan
Name of the employee is Melike Kaftar. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ebru Kara
Name of the employee is Beyzanur Ay. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Enes Emre Aktuğ
Name of the employee is Merve Polat. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ebru Kara
Name of the employee is Melissa Michael. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Marketing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Neslişah Bayraktar Emiroğlu
Name of the employee is Selim Tuzcu. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Fatih Kuş
Name of the employee is Sinem Altun. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Ali Yıldız
Name of the employee is Musa Taha Cankurt. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Full Stack. Manager of the employee is Wendell Oscar Tobin
Name of the employee is Doğuşcan Akpınar. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controlling Shift Management Specialist. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Çetin (scfsm)
Name of the employee is Melissa Öztürk. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Hamitcan Fidan
Name of the employee is Mehmet Özgür Özdemir. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Fatma Başyiğit
Name of the employee is Doğuhan Furkan Alkan. Works is in Growth department as Growth Commercial Executive. Manager of the employee is Görkem Ergül
Name of the employee is Esra Tural. Works is in Growth department as Growth Executive. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Taştekin
Name of the employee is Gökçe Ece Toptaş. Works is in People department as People Business Partner. Manager of the employee is Nezihe Dilek Ergüz
Name of the employee is Pelin Gençer. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Investigations & Ethics Compliance Executive. Manager of the employee is Petek Bozkurt
Name of the employee is Cem Utku Kasap. Works is in Operations department as Field, Central & Catalog Operations Manager. Manager of the employee is Fatih Nas
Name of the employee is İpek Kaman. Works is in Data department as Data Analyst II. Manager of the employee is Nilay Fahlioğulları Demir
Name of the employee is Ahmet Serhat Ocak. Works is in Operations department as Property Development Intern. Manager of the employee is Derya Yücedağ
Name of the employee is Grégory Frédéric Mortelec. Works is in Operations department as Area Manager. Manager of the employee is Carıot Tristan
Name of the employee is Pooja Rajalaxmi Nimmagadda. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Analyst. Manager of the employee is Barışcan Büyükaras
Name of the employee is Yeliz Aydin. Works is in Commercial department as Sales Marketing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ozan Ciğerli
Name of the employee is Rishad Madhurakariyan. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Sahin Caglar Kalender
Name of the employee is Sukhmani Singh. Works is in Growth department as Growth Manager. Manager of the employee is Kara Amantoy
Name of the employee is Sean Austin Spademan. Works is in Performance department as Operations Performance Lead. Manager of the employee is Langston Dugger
Name of the employee is Shane Gizzi. Works is in People department as Payroll Manager. Manager of the employee is Jatinder Kumar Sharma
Name of the employee is Pierpaolo Cordone. Works is in Operations department as Area Operation Manager. Manager of the employee is Vito Parrinello
Name of the employee is Ayşe Derelioğlu. Works is in Operations department as Operations Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is Caner Sürel
Name of the employee is Suzan Akın. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Bahtiyar Aydemir
Name of the employee is Derviş Can Üşenmez. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Doğuşcan Akpınar
Name of the employee is Muammer Doğan. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Doğuşcan Akpınar
Name of the employee is Murat Can Ünlü. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Doğuşcan Akpınar
Name of the employee is Sinan Arpacı. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Çetin (scfsm)
Name of the employee is Giovanni Casnati. Works is in Operations department as Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Ivan Bredice
Name of the employee is Valeria Vismara. Works is in Legal department as Senior Legal Counsel. Manager of the employee is Milena Disanza
Name of the employee is Ali El Rozz. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Yasin Özer
Name of the employee is Guillem Cruz Sabater. Works is in Performance department as Performance Manager. Manager of the employee is Gerard Espinet
Name of the employee is Miguel Pedrosa Alonso. Works is in Commercial department as Buying Manager. Manager of the employee is Nicolas Santamaria Beltran
Name of the employee is Gozde Gedik. Works is in Finance department as Community & Office Coordinator. Manager of the employee is Christopher Vareika
Name of the employee is Ashutosh Singh. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Muhammad Zuniar Azam
Name of the employee is Elif Asena Gökçen. Works is in Marketing department as Brand Executive. Manager of the employee is Tilbe Çelik
Name of the employee is Esra Yılmaz. Works is in People department as Onboarding & Experience Intern. Manager of the employee is Nalan Yıldırım Özgür
Name of the employee is Mahmut Yekta Çakmak. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Abdullah Akyüz
Name of the employee is Metin Çiftçi. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Abdullah Akyüz
Name of the employee is İlker Bekir Erdoğdu. Works is in Customer department as Customer Services Manager. Manager of the employee is Cansu Ömürdeş Önder
Name of the employee is Ahmet Uğur Gündoğan. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Yekbun Uras
Name of the employee is Muhammed Onur Karagöz. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Tayfun Özdoğan
Name of the employee is Yusuf Ramazan Tanrıkulu. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Eniz Gülek
Name of the employee is Alkan Kaban. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Executive. Manager of the employee is Gökberk Bilici
Name of the employee is Onur Demir. Works is in Supply Chain department as Transportation Manager. Manager of the employee is Alper Ertürk
Name of the employee is Alex Miller. Works is in People department as Senior HRIS Associate. Manager of the employee is Douglas Sutherland
Name of the employee is Elisabeta Iona Pintile. Works is in Health & Safety department as Health and Safety Associate. Manager of the employee is Roberto Abbate
Name of the employee is Alfredo Roberto Lazzarin. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Gabriele Nicora
Name of the employee is Arda İşcan. Works is in Marketing department as Category Executive. Manager of the employee is Kaan Akyiğit
Name of the employee is Dilara Yılmaz. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Quality & Learning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Duygu Çolak
Name of the employee is Mutlu Işık. Works is in Growth department as Head of Growth. Manager of the employee is Elif Çar Albey
Name of the employee is Adnan Laoud. Works is in Operations department as Assistant Manager. Manager of the employee is Rudi Pollet
Name of the employee is Tamanna Ferdousi. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is William Joseph Wynter
Name of the employee is Lana Gabrijelić. Works is in People department as Employer Branding Business Partner. Manager of the employee is Toni Cairns
Name of the employee is Anna Dencz. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Rider Engagement Associate. Manager of the employee is Giacomo Ricci
Name of the employee is Evan Arthur Georges. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Michael Adams
Name of the employee is Alessio Oliseh Valle Cortez. Works is in Operations department as G-Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Pierpaolo Cordone
Name of the employee is Arianna Di Giorgio. Works is in Marketing department as Marketing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Francesca Ferrari
Name of the employee is Giulia Pontoglio. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Partnership Specialist. Manager of the employee is Michele Bassetto
Name of the employee is Marco Cerri. Works is in Operations department as Area Operation Manager. Manager of the employee is Khaled Hasweh
Name of the employee is Pasquale Nugnes. Works is in Supply Chain department as Head of Supply Chain. Manager of the employee is Davide Tronzano
Name of the employee is Riccardo Scaringella. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Analist Specialist. Manager of the employee is Federico Spadoni
Name of the employee is Richard Edward Ranson. Works is in People department as Global TA Lead Strategy & Excellence. Manager of the employee is Philip Morrissey
Name of the employee is Habib Elheddadji. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Yoann Perdrix
Name of the employee is Rudi Pollet. Works is in Operations department as Area Manager. Manager of the employee is Carıot Tristan
Name of the employee is Pedro Miguel De Almeida Gonçalves. Works is in Operations department as Ops Support. Manager of the employee is Itziar Parra Plantagenet Whyte
Name of the employee is İbrahim Şakar. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Baran Kaan Sert
Name of the employee is Yuri Cutri. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Rider Recruiter Specialist. Manager of the employee is Matteo Braga
Name of the employee is Emre Erkan. Works is in Performance department as Operations Excellence Specialist (DE). Manager of the employee is Batı Kaan Çanakçımaksutoğlu
Name of the employee is Mustafa Kemal Özer. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support. Manager of the employee is Veysel Emre Türkcan
Name of the employee is Elif Demirci. Works is in Finance department as GetirAraç Accounts Payable Executive. Manager of the employee is Şaban İşler
Name of the employee is Emre Selvi. Works is in Finance department as GetirAraç Sales Finance Specialist. Manager of the employee is Berkay Uğurdoğan
Name of the employee is Ali Rıza Şahin. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Serkan Yoğuran
Name of the employee is Seçil Coşgun. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Can Berk Yekedüz
Name of the employee is Ezgi Akmenek. Works is in Legal department as Head of Data Privacy. Manager of the employee is Hatice Senem Uysal
Name of the employee is David Marín Vadillo. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Carlos Morales Lafuente
Name of the employee is Itziar Parra Plantagenet Whyte. Works is in Operations department as (Interim) Central Operations Manager. Manager of the employee is Carla Carvajal Balletbo
Name of the employee is Jorge Esteve Sanchez Morago. Works is in Operations department as Training Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is María Pilar Pereiro Valcarce
Name of the employee is Francisco Nunes De Abreu Madaleno. Works is in Transformation department as Strategy and Excellence Manager. Manager of the employee is Oliver Phillpott
Name of the employee is Kahina Admane. Works is in Legal department as Regulatory Compliance Manager. Manager of the employee is Ceren Aral Desnos
Name of the employee is Tolgahan Bardakcı. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Cihan Baş
Name of the employee is Andrea Marian Bello Perez. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Carlos Morales Lafuente
Name of the employee is Dylan Hardouın. Works is in Operations department as Onboarding Specialist. Manager of the employee is Morgan Desnoyelle
Name of the employee is Amtul Kareem. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Regional Courier Growth Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tom Wylde
Name of the employee is Muhammad Tayyab Dastgir. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Courier Onboarding Associate. Manager of the employee is Tom Wylde
Name of the employee is Emre Kaya. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Fraud Analytics & Prevention Manager. Manager of the employee is Umut Cemal Kıraç
Name of the employee is İsmet Can Yel. Works is in Growth department as Growth Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is İlker Gökalp
Name of the employee is Serenay Yıldız. Works is in Data department as Data Analyst I. Manager of the employee is Tuğçe Soydan
Name of the employee is Onur Altunsoy. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Nima Aboutaleby
Name of the employee is Ayşe Teğen. Works is in Data department as Data Analyst II. Manager of the employee is Ömer Umut
Name of the employee is Emel Elmacı. Works is in GetirFinance department as GetirFinance Operations Manager. Manager of the employee is Reşat Doğanay
Name of the employee is Korhan Tütüncü. Works is in GetirFinance department as Information Security Manager. Manager of the employee is Bekir Özmen
Name of the employee is Osman Volkan Yıl. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Mehmet İkbal Özmen
Name of the employee is Flavie Marie Elisabeth Mulot. Works is in Marketing department as Head of Marketing. Manager of the employee is Robert Nicolas Musikas
Name of the employee is Chukwuka Okolie. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Criston Sylvester Lobo
Name of the employee is Laura Pineda Piñeiro. Works is in People department as People Operations Lead. Manager of the employee is Gemma Llerena Cabre
Name of the employee is Anveshna Chainwala. Works is in Growth department as Transformation Manager. Manager of the employee is Melda Eren
Name of the employee is Sara Fontana. Works is in People department as People Operations Associate. Manager of the employee is Guglielmo Cremona
Name of the employee is Claudio Messina. Works is in Operations department as G Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Salvatore Biondi
Name of the employee is Gianluca Castelli Avolio. Works is in Operations department as G Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Marco Cerri
Name of the employee is Chakib Atmane. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Associate. Manager of the employee is Veysel Emre Türkcan
Name of the employee is Carlos Bisquer Lerma. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Yolanda Morón Ortín
Name of the employee is Daniel Llibre. Works is in Operations department as Senior Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Yolanda Morón Ortín
Name of the employee is Flavia Garbetta. Works is in Marketing department as Community Manager. Manager of the employee is Patricio Tomás Veloso Zapata
Name of the employee is Henna Syed. Works is in People department as Payroll Associate. Manager of the employee is Shivangi Gupta
Name of the employee is Alba Ortega Rosa. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Victor Canfranc Soriano
Name of the employee is Ayşegül Karaali Kurt. Works is in Business Development department as Head of Business Development. Manager of the employee is İrem Namlısoy
Name of the employee is Rüveyda Kayrın. Works is in Product department as Senior Product Manager. Manager of the employee is İrem Namlısoy
Name of the employee is Daniele Rocchi. Works is in Operations department as G Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Marco Cerri
Name of the employee is Lorenzo Vespa. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Associate. Manager of the employee is Encarnacion Soto Gustavo Adolfo
Name of the employee is Romain Hossard-hallion. Works is in Operations department as Operation Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Aymar Arnulf
Name of the employee is Dominique Spagnoli. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Rudi Pollet
Name of the employee is Naomi Francesca Gilder. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Ops Associate. Manager of the employee is Amelia Newland
Name of the employee is Hüseyin Mert Bekler. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Göktuğ Gürhan
Name of the employee is Emre Arslan. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Çetin (scfsm)
Name of the employee is Erhan Yıldırım. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Çetin (scfsm)
Name of the employee is Okan Deligöz. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Çetin (scfsm)
Name of the employee is Ebru Yaren Çatak. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist II. Manager of the employee is Cemre Dilan Şenli
Name of the employee is Erkan Kütük. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Çetin (scfsm)
Name of the employee is Justine Riedstra. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Planning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Baturay Öz
Name of the employee is Philip Anthonie Van Poelje. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Workforce Onboarding Specialist. Manager of the employee is Patrick Daniel Mes
Name of the employee is Emir Levent Serim. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Director. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Güleç
Name of the employee is Emine Neşe Övündür. Works is in Finance department as Sales Finance Manager. Manager of the employee is Fırat Sarıçimen
Name of the employee is Selattin Tuğrul. Works is in Operations department as Project Support Executive. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Günaydın
Name of the employee is Erkan Güsar. Works is in Operations department as Property & Project Development Director. Manager of the employee is Batuhan Gültakan
Name of the employee is Furkan Kavuncu. Works is in Operations department as Performance Specialist. Manager of the employee is Carıot Tristan
Name of the employee is Inès Boursali. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Ahmed Berrabah
Name of the employee is Abdul Majid Qayyum. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Criston Sylvester Lobo
Name of the employee is Seren Oğuz. Works is in People department as Office Manager. Manager of the employee is Marc Florent Czajezynski
Name of the employee is Criston Sylvester Lobo. Works is in Operations department as Area Manager. Manager of the employee is Craig Jones
Name of the employee is Melis Özgüç. Works is in Marketing department as Copywriter. Manager of the employee is Benjamin John Hulme
Name of the employee is Rameez Ilahi Badebhai. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Abdullah Oktay
Name of the employee is Álvaro Fernandez Merayo. Works is in Operations department as Operations Excellence Project Manager. Manager of the employee is María Urrea López
Name of the employee is David Diez Oliva. Works is in Operations department as Operations Excellence Project Manager. Manager of the employee is Gerard Espinet
Name of the employee is Maria Angeles Perez De Arenaza. Works is in Expansion department as Construction & Facility Lead. Manager of the employee is Carla Carvajal Balletbo
Name of the employee is Estefanía Vallorani Muraglia. Works is in Operations department as Training Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is María Pilar Pereiro Valcarce
Name of the employee is Estelle Mazzocchi. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Specialist. Manager of the employee is Madeleine Vidal
Name of the employee is Karolina Barbara Bazarkin. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Amanda Marie Penistone
Name of the employee is Michiel Pieter Christiaan Bootsma. Works is in Commercial department as Category Buyer Manager. Manager of the employee is Andreas Vente
Name of the employee is Dominique Newton. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is Levent Isli
Name of the employee is İsmail Cem Altun. Works is in Product department as Senior Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Hulusi Duru İlter
Name of the employee is Berat Çağlar Karagöz. Works is in Marketing department as G10, GetirBüyük Head of Marketing. Manager of the employee is Batuhan Gültakan
Name of the employee is Milena Scekic. Works is in People department as Director of Talent Management. Manager of the employee is Selin Barlın Aral
Name of the employee is Mohammad Hassan Jahanbakhshi. Works is in Operations department as Fleet & Equipment Specialist. Manager of the employee is Batı Kaan Çanakçımaksutoğlu
Name of the employee is Simge Kayan. Works is in Growth department as GetirYemek Growth Specialist. Manager of the employee is Görkem Ergül
Name of the employee is Gökçen Burcu Kalyoncu. Works is in Data department as Lead Data Scientist. Manager of the employee is Samiye Gülru Ilıcalı
Name of the employee is Metin Köksal. Works is in Operations department as Property Relations Manager. Manager of the employee is Erkan Güsar
Name of the employee is Serdar Gencer. Works is in Operations department as Damage Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Bekir Serdar Şahin
Name of the employee is Melis Suna Aktaş. Works is in Legal department as Legal Counsel. Manager of the employee is Melda Soymen Bacak
Name of the employee is Özgür Karan. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Fatih Kuş
Name of the employee is Sercan Özkılınç. Works is in Commercial department as Category Purchasing Executive. Manager of the employee is Anıl Taştemel
Name of the employee is Uğurhan Cem Kuter. Works is in Indirect Procurement department as Indirect Procurement Specialist. Manager of the employee is Temel Can Bayıroğlu
Name of the employee is Özlem Koç. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Marketing Executive. Manager of the employee is Neslişah Bayraktar Emiroğlu
Name of the employee is Serana Doğan. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Designer (Mid Level). Manager of the employee is Müjgan Şahiner
Name of the employee is Yasin Çatılı. Works is in Marketing department as In-App Content Team Leader. Manager of the employee is Feridun Çağkan Yüksel
Name of the employee is Burcu Kuzucu. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Digital Marketing Manager. Manager of the employee is Melin Öztürk
Name of the employee is Abdulkadir Yılmaz. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Executive. Manager of the employee is Alper Ertürk
Name of the employee is Burak Kaymak. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Akif Erikci
Name of the employee is Gözde Elif Karademir. Works is in Finance department as Accounts Payable Specialist. Manager of the employee is Meryem Yılmaz Genç
Name of the employee is Serhan Yaslan. Works is in Operations department as Catalog Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nihal Yıldız
Name of the employee is Serhat Öncül. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Abdullah Akyüz
Name of the employee is Halit Körpe. Works is in Indirect Procurement department as Commercial Services Procurement Manager. Manager of the employee is Burcu Yavuz Altan
Name of the employee is Mehmet Tahir Yumukoğlu. Works is in Finance department as Head of Affiliates Controlling. Manager of the employee is Simge Güçalp
Name of the employee is Birkan Güneş. Works is in Operations department as Property Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Aşkın Kurnaz
Name of the employee is Oğuzhan Coşkun. Works is in Operations department as Property Relations Executive. Manager of the employee is Metin Köksal
Name of the employee is Anıl Süleyman Çınar. Works is in Marketing department as Content Executive (Senior Level). Manager of the employee is Yasin Çatılı
Name of the employee is Bekir Sefa Bal. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Nurettin Topal
Name of the employee is Ozan Barış Erdönmez. Works is in GetirFinance department as GetirFinans Group Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Çamaş
Name of the employee is Yolanda Morón Ortín. Works is in Operations department as Area Manager. Manager of the employee is Pablo Murio Fernández
Name of the employee is Arif Okuyucu. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Baran Kaan Sert
Name of the employee is Mouayad Saad-aldin. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Calvin Piening
Name of the employee is Favio Chacin. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Ana Maria Forero
Name of the employee is Sergio Pineda Piñeiro. Works is in People department as Payroll Associate. Manager of the employee is Pablo Barcones Infante
Name of the employee is Elton Jesus Varela Pereira. Works is in Health & Safety department as EHS Specialist. Manager of the employee is Benjamin Konzag
Name of the employee is Mehmet Çağatay Bahadır. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Algorithm. Manager of the employee is Barış Nişancı
Name of the employee is Hatice Gerenkaya. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Didem Alpinanç
Name of the employee is Melih Ateş Kurtbek. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Doğuşcan Akpınar
Name of the employee is Samet Bektaş. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Doğuşcan Akpınar
Name of the employee is İsmet Senem Tezer. Works is in Operations department as Customer Development and Excellence Manager. Manager of the employee is İrem Namlısoy
Name of the employee is İlknur Kıymaz. Works is in Operations department as Customer Development and Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is İsmet Senem Tezer
Name of the employee is Judith Martinez Gonzalez. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Carlos Morales Lafuente
Name of the employee is Maria De Los Angeles Romero. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Carlos Morales Lafuente
Name of the employee is Handenur Karahüseyin. Works is in People department as Talent Acquisition Executive. Manager of the employee is Sezer Çilem Akay
Name of the employee is Nuray Ceylan. Works is in Operations department as Head of Global Business Analysis & Process Development. Manager of the employee is Metin Hacıoğlu
Name of the employee is İrem Musaoğlu. Works is in Sales department as Sales Specialist. Manager of the employee is Akif Erikci
Name of the employee is Muhammet Buğra Kaya. Works is in Marketing department as Brand Specialist. Manager of the employee is Yasemin Yaylagül
Name of the employee is Osman Nihat Yayalar. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burak Yalçın Çam
Name of the employee is Sena Kayın İşcan. Works is in Indirect Procurement department as Procurement Executive, GetirAraç. Manager of the employee is Burcu Yavuz Altan
Name of the employee is İrem Baş. Works is in Legal department as Legal Counsel. Manager of the employee is Meltem Başkaya
Name of the employee is Binnaz Ezgi Pekkaya. Works is in Finance department as Commercial Finance Executive. Manager of the employee is Tuba Dağcan Hallaç
Name of the employee is Şevket Boğa. Works is in Finance department as GetirAraç Accounting Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Şaban İşler
Name of the employee is İbrahim Serhan Geboloğlu. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Doğukan Ocak
Name of the employee is Gizem Yeşilova. Works is in Finance department as Accounts Payable Specialist. Manager of the employee is Serkan Yıldız
Name of the employee is Yunus Çiftçiler. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Ali Keskin
Name of the employee is Rana Usta. Works is in Legal department as Senior Legal Counsel. Manager of the employee is Meltem Başkaya
Name of the employee is Batuhan Karabulut. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Digital Marketing Executive. Manager of the employee is İlhan Can Evrensel
Name of the employee is Melih Aydın. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Onat Çalışkan
Name of the employee is Burak Ballı. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Abdullah Akyüz
Name of the employee is Elif Çelik. Works is in Finance department as Sales Finance Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Mintaş
Name of the employee is Şive Uyar. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ozan Güngör
Name of the employee is Alberto Grecchi. Works is in Operations department as Global Fleet Development Manager . Manager of the employee is Matteo Maria Artero
Name of the employee is Mathieu Collombe-havez. Works is in People department as Social Relations Associate. Manager of the employee is Marc Florent Czajezynski
Name of the employee is Mehdi Chabane. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Chafik Temmar
Name of the employee is Malte Behnert. Works is in International Expansion department as Recruitment Support (NL). Manager of the employee is Thomas Jan Van Den Dam
Name of the employee is Sena Nakilcioğlu. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Begüm Şimşek
Name of the employee is Yunushan Tombak. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar
Name of the employee is Murat Kaçmaz. Works is in Indirect Procurement department as Inventory & Logistics Associate. Manager of the employee is Rui Fang
Name of the employee is Samantha Abril Rojas Carranza. Works is in People department as People Data Analyst. Manager of the employee is Femke Jongsma
Name of the employee is Merve Kızıldağ. Works is in Operations department as Training & Quality Manager. Manager of the employee is Cem Utku Kasap
Name of the employee is Abdelhak Aqatbouz. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Antonino Munafò
Name of the employee is Hilal Kakışım. Works is in Finance department as Finance Intern. Manager of the employee is Cansu Taşkan
Name of the employee is Huseyin Can Alkan. Works is in Data department as Data Analyst I. Manager of the employee is Sezin Tetik
Name of the employee is Onurcan Erdoğan. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Python. Manager of the employee is Ali Keskin
Name of the employee is Sijme Egberts. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Yasin Özer
Name of the employee is Fatih Erdemir. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Fatih Topcu
Name of the employee is Yalçın Arıkan. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Soner Altay
Name of the employee is Carolina Pérez. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Head of Public Relations. Manager of the employee is Didem Şinik Arıkan
Name of the employee is María Consuelo De La Villa Alcubilla. Works is in Performance department as Performance Lead. Manager of the employee is Hunab Moreno Casillas
Name of the employee is Estela Durá Gimena. Works is in Legal department as Head of Legal. Manager of the employee is Selin Barlın Aral
Name of the employee is Mehmet Güneş. Works is in Finance department as Financial Systems Vice President. Manager of the employee is Osman Yılmaz
Name of the employee is Giacomo Ricci. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Field Recruitment Manager Regional. Manager of the employee is Thomas Jan Van Den Dam
Name of the employee is Arkuyat Selin Akbay. Works is in Operations department as Customer Development and Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is İsmet Senem Tezer
Name of the employee is Burak Şahin Erden. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineer II - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Hülya Yıldız Yılmaz
Name of the employee is Çağdaş Acar. Works is in Operations department as Key Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Aral Aksu
Name of the employee is Derya Gürsoy Kolsuz. Works is in Finance department as International Treasury Manager. Manager of the employee is Volkan Kavasoğlu
Name of the employee is Nassima Zilali. Works is in Operations department as Admin & Hiring Specialist. Manager of the employee is Alice Atkinson
Name of the employee is Fnu Fareeha. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Michael Adams
Name of the employee is Sezer Çilem Akay. Works is in People department as Talent Acquisition Manager. Manager of the employee is Richard Edward Ranson
Name of the employee is Müge Ulusoy. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Burcu Şayli Öge
Name of the employee is Safa Ünal. Works is in Supply Chain department as Head of Snacks, Beverages and Food Categories Planning. Manager of the employee is Mediha Küstür Saydan
Name of the employee is Reşat Doğanay. Works is in GetirFinance department as Process Management & Operations Director. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Yiğit Çağlayan
Name of the employee is Kaan Bayat. Works is in Legal department as Legal Counsel. Manager of the employee is Zeynep Ahu Sazcı Uzun
Name of the employee is Fehim Altınışık. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Kemal Burak Yöndem
Name of the employee is Umut Can Şimşek. Works is in Finance department as Accounts Payable Specialist. Manager of the employee is Meryem Yılmaz Genç
Name of the employee is Ekin Hazal Altıparmak. Works is in Finance department as Controlling Executive. Manager of the employee is İrem Çınar
Name of the employee is Kübra Aygül. Works is in Finance department as Finance Executive. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Tahir Yumukoğlu
Name of the employee is Enes Köser. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist II. Manager of the employee is Mehmet İkbal Özmen
Name of the employee is Ece Mahir. Works is in Marketing department as Marketing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Yasemin Yaylagül
Name of the employee is Beril Aslan. Works is in Growth department as Growth Intern. Manager of the employee is Emre Tever
Name of the employee is Batuhan Savaş. Works is in Growth department as Growth Specialist. Manager of the employee is İlker Gökalp
Name of the employee is Recep Aktaş. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Cemre Çalhan
Name of the employee is Hafsa Kuçhan. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Cemre Çalhan
Name of the employee is Türkan Bahadırlıoğlu. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tuğba Kurtini
Name of the employee is Ahmet Buğra Peşman. Works is in Customer Services department as Business Intelligence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Eser Yüksel
Name of the employee is Nurcan Kırmız. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tuğba Kurtini
Name of the employee is Selda Yüksel. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Kamış
Name of the employee is Didem Ayturan. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Cemre Çalhan
Name of the employee is Leyla Özçelik. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Cemre Çalhan
Name of the employee is Sıla Sever. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tuğba Kurtini
Name of the employee is Sandro Abbondanza. Works is in Operations department as Fleet Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Luca Galoppini
Name of the employee is Adama Demba Sy. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Yoann Perdrix
Name of the employee is Alberto Gomis. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Sebiane Djamel
Name of the employee is Victoire Gebka. Works is in Commercial department as Buying Associate. Manager of the employee is Delphine Jegou Mazeaud
Name of the employee is Dhiraj Kailas Manore. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Abdullah Oktay
Name of the employee is Murat İlgin. Works is in Operations department as Operation Director. Manager of the employee is Batuhan Gültakan
Name of the employee is Evren Bostanci. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Calvin Piening
Name of the employee is Ingrid Artiola. Works is in Commercial department as Buying Manager. Manager of the employee is Nicolas Santamaria Beltran
Name of the employee is Veronica Susana Kozdera. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Service Associate. Manager of the employee is Luis Carlos Almada Delgado
Name of the employee is Trevor Alan Butler. Works is in Finance department as FP&A Lead. Manager of the employee is David Vincent
Name of the employee is Rajan Kamalashankar Tiwari. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Gopalakrishnan Raghunathan
Name of the employee is Eva Sevilla. Works is in People department as People Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Jose Luis Nortes Mesas
Name of the employee is Daniela Laconca. Works is in Operations department as G Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Salvatore Biondi
Name of the employee is Nihatcan Yıldız. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Hasan Gözükan
Name of the employee is Cariappa Kallichanda Kaverappa. Works is in Operations department as Fleet & Equipment Associate. Manager of the employee is Mounif Sbei
Name of the employee is Osman Ahmed. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Regional Operations Onboarding Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tom Wylde
Name of the employee is Said İhya Özer. Works is in Finance department as Accounts Payable Specialist. Manager of the employee is Serkan Yıldız
Name of the employee is Sven-joachim Irmer. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Head of Government Relations. Manager of the employee is Dominick Francis Moxon-tritsch
Name of the employee is Yasser Darwish. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Patrick Daniel Mes
Name of the employee is Carmen Christiansen Gómez. Works is in Commercial department as Buying Associate. Manager of the employee is Miguel Pedrosa Alonso
Name of the employee is Neha Chikode. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Ali Karzan
Name of the employee is Cemre Üçler. Works is in Finance department as Accounts Payable Specialist. Manager of the employee is Serkan Yıldız
Name of the employee is Nuray Güney Tunçer. Works is in Marketing department as Design Team Leader, GetirMarket. Manager of the employee is Feridun Çağkan Yüksel
Name of the employee is Diana Septelici. Works is in Expansion department as Expansion Associate. Manager of the employee is Marco Romano
Name of the employee is Kim Sury. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Kahina Admane
Name of the employee is Michael Defares. Works is in People department as Payroll Manager. Manager of the employee is Toni Cairns
Name of the employee is Kübra Engin. Works is in Supply Chain department as Sustainability Executive. Manager of the employee is Kaan Koray Kümbet
Name of the employee is Ceren Çimen Demir. Works is in Product department as Senior Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Hulusi Duru İlter
Name of the employee is Nur Sima Ay. Works is in Customer Services department as Planning & Monitoring Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hakan Aktaş
Name of the employee is Gülsüm Zelal Taşkan. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Digital Marketing Executive. Manager of the employee is Laura-sabina Burlacu
Name of the employee is Batuhan Tiryaki. Works is in Finance department as Accounts Payable Specialist. Manager of the employee is Meryem Yılmaz Genç
Name of the employee is Numan Bilgin. Works is in Health & Safety department as Safety Development Manager. Manager of the employee is Rüçhan Arda
Name of the employee is Alper Ertürk. Works is in Supply Chain department as Head of Warehouse Operations. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Güleç
Name of the employee is Gonca Yılmaz Demirağ. Works is in GetirFinance department as Financial Products Director. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Yiğit Çağlayan
Name of the employee is Alper Tekin. Works is in Business Development department as Business Development Manager. Manager of the employee is Cem Danon
Name of the employee is Cansu Çınar Aslan. Works is in Legal department as Legal Manager. Manager of the employee is Meltem Başkaya
Name of the employee is Sevkal Velibaşoğlu. Works is in Business Development department as Business Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Alper Tekin
Name of the employee is Mertcan Tansoy. Works is in Operations department as Marketplace Excellence Specialist - Key Merchants. Manager of the employee is Elif Güner
Name of the employee is Dilara Yeldemir. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Logistics Specialist. Manager of the employee is Deniz Alp Kantarcı
Name of the employee is Jamal Tems. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Grégory Frédéric Mortelec
Name of the employee is Abdelaziz Alik. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Ahmed Berrabah
Name of the employee is Gökhan Cayak. Works is in Finance department as Accounts Payable Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nedim Çanakkale
Name of the employee is Aysu Erdogan. Works is in Performance department as Performance Specialist. Manager of the employee is Annica Swart
Name of the employee is Nabeel Asghar. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Regional Workforce Engagement Manager. Manager of the employee is Hamza Drine
Name of the employee is Louis Leclet. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Simon Marchal
Name of the employee is Farid Merizak. Works is in Operations department as Assistant Manager. Manager of the employee is Sacha Seignon
Name of the employee is Daniel Tena Barroso. Works is in Legal department as Legal Counsel, Commercial. Manager of the employee is Estela Durá Gimena
Name of the employee is Davide Marcon. Works is in Supply Chain department as Replenishment Associate. Manager of the employee is Bahadır Eden
Name of the employee is Caner Çiçek. Works is in Business Development department as Own Delivery Planning Executive. Manager of the employee is Pınar Yıldırım
Name of the employee is Doğacan Arslan. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Tuğçe Kurtaran
Name of the employee is Yunus Kapu. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hasan Gözükan
Name of the employee is Ümit Nuray. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Training Executive. Manager of the employee is Numan Bilgin
Name of the employee is Canan Nakipoğlu. Works is in GetirFinance department as Head of Financial Products. Manager of the employee is Gonca Yılmaz Demirağ
Name of the employee is Gizem Taşkın Tavlı. Works is in Legal department as Senior Legal Counsel. Manager of the employee is Aslı İmir Yaşar
Name of the employee is Meryem Yılmaz Genç. Works is in Finance department as Accounts Payable Manager. Manager of the employee is Altan Özer
Name of the employee is Oğuzhan Miraç Tarbak. Works is in Finance department as Sales Finance Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Ecehan Gürkan
Name of the employee is Tuğba Karapınar. Works is in Finance department as Accounts Payable Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nedim Çanakkale
Name of the employee is Ahmet Can Altay. Works is in Marketing department as Motion Designer (Senior Level). Manager of the employee is Nuray Güney Tunçer
Name of the employee is Zeynep Çakmakçı. Works is in Growth department as Growth Operations Associate. Manager of the employee is Başak Cinci Özdemir
Name of the employee is Muharrem Enes Ertürk. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Replenishment Planning Executive. Manager of the employee is Erman Keskin
Name of the employee is Buse Astam. Works is in Data department as Data Analyst I. Manager of the employee is Tuğçe Soydan
Name of the employee is Hamit Çıtak. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Training Executive. Manager of the employee is Numan Bilgin
Name of the employee is Ambre Ait Aissa. Works is in People department as People Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Alice Atkinson
Name of the employee is Victor Potrimba. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Associate. Manager of the employee is Daniel Fernando Arevalo Lopez
Name of the employee is Tejas Srivastava. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Gopalakrishnan Raghunathan
Name of the employee is Hasan Can Evkuran. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Gopalakrishnan Raghunathan
Name of the employee is Tolga Öztürk. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Go. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar
Name of the employee is Emir Yoluk. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Relations Executive. Manager of the employee is Ata Pamir
Name of the employee is Fatih Bademli. Works is in Engineering department as Software Support Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Fatih Durmaz
Name of the employee is Gamze Yayla. Works is in Product department as Senior Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Gizem Kuzucu
Name of the employee is Kaan Göksu. Works is in Operations department as Head of New Business Operations. Manager of the employee is Elif Çar Albey
Name of the employee is Süleyman İlker Özcan. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Business Strategy Executive. Manager of the employee is Onur Aşık
Name of the employee is Gül Sevimli. Works is in Growth department as Growth Specialist. Manager of the employee is Doğuhan Furkan Alkan
Name of the employee is Gülseren Birim. Works is in Data department as Data Analyst II. Manager of the employee is Ece Bilgin
Name of the employee is Işıl Kobak. Works is in Data department as Data Analyst II. Manager of the employee is Begüm Kuş
Name of the employee is Serkan Çiçek. Works is in Sales department as Head of Sales. Manager of the employee is Elif Çar Albey
Name of the employee is Zuhal Aydemir. Works is in Data department as Data Analyst I. Manager of the employee is Tuğçe Soydan
Name of the employee is Ömer Emirhan Temizkol. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist II. Manager of the employee is Muhammed Ali Meral
Name of the employee is Erdem Bozkurt. Works is in Commercial department as Planogram Executive. Manager of the employee is Cansu Şener
Name of the employee is Enrico Tomassetti. Works is in Commercial department as Category Buyer Associate. Manager of the employee is Cristina Vitucci
Name of the employee is Mehmet Çakır. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Çamaş
Name of the employee is Neslişah Sıraç. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Designer (Senior Level). Manager of the employee is Semiha Çatalbaş
Name of the employee is Şensu Helin Kaçar. Works is in People department as People Business Partner. Manager of the employee is Melis Kahyaoğlu
Name of the employee is Süleyman Taşpınar. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Ali Karzan
Name of the employee is Buket Dikmeci. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Specialist. Manager of the employee is Yasin Tomaç
Name of the employee is Fide Lale Durak. Works is in Supply Chain department as Health & Safety Business Continuity Manager. Manager of the employee is Ümit Durgu
Name of the employee is Betül Aylin Sözen. Works is in Finance department as Sales Finance Executive. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Mintaş
Name of the employee is Juliana Arlin Ak. Works is in Commercial department as Category Purchasing Specialist. Manager of the employee is İrem Oymak
Name of the employee is Ali Can Özsoy. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Çamaş
Name of the employee is Paolo Tonghini. Works is in Commercial department as Category Buying Manager. Manager of the employee is Lorenzo Pirami
Name of the employee is Eduardo Castañeda Palestino. Works is in Finance department as Supply Chain Finance Lead. Manager of the employee is Rodrigo Ivan Sevilla Padilla
Name of the employee is Kévin Grondin. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Rudi Pollet
Name of the employee is Rita Soares Pinto. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Associate. Manager of the employee is Victor Potrimba
Name of the employee is Flavia Silvia Carusi. Works is in People department as Payroll Associate. Manager of the employee is Pablo Barcones Infante
Name of the employee is Oliver North. Works is in Indirect Procurement department as Indirect Procurement Lead. Manager of the employee is Metin Hacıoğlu
Name of the employee is Sahin Caglar Kalender. Works is in Operations department as Area Manager. Manager of the employee is Alexander Payne
Name of the employee is Tiron Manju Sri De Alwis. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Sahin Caglar Kalender
Name of the employee is Vivek Sasidharan. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Murat Doğu
Name of the employee is Xaviera Dallaire. Works is in Operations department as Global Franchise Onboarding Manager. Manager of the employee is Levent Isli
Name of the employee is Sandra Curtin-gallucci. Works is in People department as Payroll and HR Payroll System Lead (DE). Manager of the employee is Giordano Mettus
Name of the employee is Suryaprakashreddy Mayaluru. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Abdullah Oktay
Name of the employee is Alderik Bleeker. Works is in Finance department as Head of International Tax. Manager of the employee is Simge Güçalp
Name of the employee is Simone Lazzara. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Hamza Iqbal
Name of the employee is Robby Sidney Helstone. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Talent Acquisition Operational Excellence Manager. Manager of the employee is Sonia Sahaly
Name of the employee is Adam Nicoleta Mihaela Moraru. Works is in People department as Talent Acquisition Operational Excellence Business Partner. Manager of the employee is Robby Sidney Helstone
Name of the employee is Vanessa Girnth. Works is in People department as People Programme Manager. Manager of the employee is Insia Valika
Name of the employee is Dina Shukriu. Works is in People department as Talent Acquisition Specialist, Technology. Manager of the employee is Sezer Çilem Akay
Name of the employee is Marina Laudisa. Works is in People department as Office Manager. Manager of the employee is Guglielmo Cremona
Name of the employee is Jorge Herrera Pérez. Works is in People department as People Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Jose Luis Nortes Mesas
Name of the employee is Tarini Aruna Anand. Works is in People department as Talent Acquisition Associate. Manager of the employee is Thomas Jean Cornelis Van Den Heuvel
Name of the employee is Can Berköz. Works is in Customer department as Interim Customer Experience Executive. Manager of the employee is Elif Müge Baştopcu
Name of the employee is Onur Aşık. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Director. Manager of the employee is Hatice Evren
Name of the employee is Pınar Hıra. Works is in Finance department as Accounts Payable Specialist. Manager of the employee is Meryem Yılmaz Genç
Name of the employee is Ziya Efe Arat. Works is in Customer department as Customer Experience Executive. Manager of the employee is Elif Müge Baştopcu
Name of the employee is Mehmet Uğur. Works is in Operations department as Operations Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is Doğuş Murat Domaç
Name of the employee is Batuhan Aydöner. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Murat Öztürk
Name of the employee is Sevde Uygun. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Quality & Learning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Duygu Çolak
Name of the employee is Eyüp Furkan Özmen. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Umut Sayar
Name of the employee is Bilge Yılmaz. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is Alp Aris
Name of the employee is Deniz Eryılmaz. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Mert Burnaz
Name of the employee is Tuğçe Abdulkadiroğlu Gül. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Onboarding Executive. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Konur
Name of the employee is Şafak Özcan. Works is in Marketing department as Media Executive. Manager of the employee is Ayşe Seda Yurteri Kuraloğlu
Name of the employee is Aslı İmir Yaşar. Works is in Legal department as Head of Regulatory Compliance. Manager of the employee is Hatice Senem Uysal
Name of the employee is Meyçen Kuş. Works is in Supply Chain department as Quality Specialist. Manager of the employee is Yunus Emre Alp
Name of the employee is Murat Sekban. Works is in Supply Chain department as Franchise Quality Specialist. Manager of the employee is Büşra Kılıç
Name of the employee is Nihal Aykılıç. Works is in Finance department as Sales Finance Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tanyel Emre Boz
Name of the employee is Berke Demir. Works is in People department as People Department Intern. Manager of the employee is Şilan Erkasap
Name of the employee is Hanife Özcan. Works is in Indirect Procurement department as Indirect Procurement Specialist. Manager of the employee is Gözde Uzun
Name of the employee is Hasan Basri Kaplan. Works is in Operations department as New Business Operations Specialist, Field. Manager of the employee is Sefa Şatır
Name of the employee is Selen Derinöz. Works is in Operations department as Marketplace Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Elif Güner
Name of the employee is Tiffany Lager. Works is in People department as People Business Partner. Manager of the employee is Jatinder Kumar Sharma
Name of the employee is Muhammad Ammique Saleem. Works is in Legal department as Commercial Counsel. Manager of the employee is Lorijn Georgea Theodora Van Der Valk
Name of the employee is Alper Kaya. Works is in Transformation department as Growth Strategy Executive. Manager of the employee is Cafer Sadık Gençoğlan
Name of the employee is Büşra Tatar. Works is in Finance department as Head of Global Consolidation. Manager of the employee is Simge Güçalp
Name of the employee is Ünal Akgün. Works is in Operations department as Customer Development and Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is İsmet Senem Tezer
Name of the employee is Serkan Bircan. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Özgür Mustafa Sucu
Name of the employee is Gizem Kuzucu. Works is in Product department as Head of Product. Manager of the employee is Elif Çar Albey
Name of the employee is Mustafa Ertürk. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Ali Karzan
Name of the employee is Derya Yücedağ. Works is in Operations department as Property Development Manager. Manager of the employee is Erkan Güsar
Name of the employee is Özge Mumcu Aras. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Onboarding Executive. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Konur
Name of the employee is Yahya Can İncesoy. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Specialist. Manager of the employee is Fatih Bekir
Name of the employee is Mina Şahin. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Specialist. Manager of the employee is Yasin Tomaç
Name of the employee is Naile Şafak. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Specialist. Manager of the employee is Akın Küçüköncü
Name of the employee is Onur Kantemir. Works is in GetirFinance department as Head of Process Design. Manager of the employee is Reşat Doğanay
Name of the employee is Aslı Doğuşlu. Works is in Finance department as Sales Finance Specialist. Manager of the employee is Oğuzhan Miraç Tarbak
Name of the employee is Ertuğ Kaya. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Executive. Manager of the employee is Safa Ünal
Name of the employee is Gökhan Burgaz. Works is in Supply Chain department as Franchise Quality Specialist. Manager of the employee is Büşra Kılıç
Name of the employee is Melih Şahinöz. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Didem Alpinanç
Name of the employee is Tufan Osman Yayla. Works is in Supply Chain department as Franchise Quality Specialist. Manager of the employee is Büşra Kılıç
Name of the employee is Mutlu Can Terzioğlu. Works is in Operations department as Efficiency Executive. Manager of the employee is Yavuz Ölmez
Name of the employee is Bekir Ayhan Güney. Works is in Supply Chain department as Security Manager. Manager of the employee is Ümit Durgu
Name of the employee is Cem Çamlıdere. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Head of Internal Audit, Investigations & Ethics  Compliance. Manager of the employee is Berna Çınar
Name of the employee is Oğuzhan Kurtuluş. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Kağan Küçük
Name of the employee is Öykü Naz Karabıyık. Works is in Growth department as Growth Executive. Manager of the employee is Yasemin Peker
Name of the employee is Frederico Castro De Sá Madaíl Da Silva. Works is in Performance department as Performance Associate. Manager of the employee is Philippa Van Zuylen Van Nijevelt
Name of the employee is Mohammad Khaled. Works is in Operations department as Assistant Manager. Manager of the employee is Yoann Perdrix
Name of the employee is Ahmed Berrabah. Works is in Operations department as Area Manager. Manager of the employee is Carıot Tristan
Name of the employee is Eloise Seriau. Works is in People department as People Programme Manager. Manager of the employee is Richard Edward Ranson
Name of the employee is Marion Cabanel. Works is in Commercial department as Category Buying Manager. Manager of the employee is Nicolas-charles Edouard Pace
Name of the employee is Nandini Veturi. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Specialist. Manager of the employee is Patricia Soberanes Juarez
Name of the employee is Rodrigo Ivan Sevilla Padilla. Works is in Finance department as Head of Finance. Manager of the employee is Steven Hodgeman
Name of the employee is Duygu Bertone. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is Levent Isli
Name of the employee is Elman Aliev. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Milad Heran
Name of the employee is Josin Joy. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Milad Heran
Name of the employee is Jacqueline Vera Schutterop. Works is in People department as Engagement Associate. Manager of the employee is Toni Cairns
Name of the employee is Willemijn Bosman. Works is in Legal department as Employment Counsel. Manager of the employee is Lorijn Georgea Theodora Van Der Valk
Name of the employee is Amit Milind Bhave. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Murat Öztürk
Name of the employee is Carla Carvajal Balletbo. Works is in Operations department as Head of G-Stores. Manager of the employee is Gerard Espinet
Name of the employee is Carlos Montabes Ortega. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Manager. Manager of the employee is Ruben Marinus Josephus Sertons
Name of the employee is Eleny Mitchel Ortiz Flores. Works is in Supply Chain department as Demand Planning Associate. Manager of the employee is İsmail Enes Alkaya
Name of the employee is Emre Sebat. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Ant Everett
Name of the employee is Esther Hellin Sanchez. Works is in People department as Talent Acquisition Associate. Manager of the employee is Harriet June Ball
Name of the employee is Robert Boomer. Works is in Finance department as Head of Finance. Manager of the employee is Steven Hodgeman
Name of the employee is Juan Manuel Alamo Roa. Works is in Finance department as Accounting and Tax Lead. Manager of the employee is Mireia Prat Tió
Name of the employee is Mireia Prat Tió. Works is in Finance department as Finance Lead. Manager of the employee is Rodrigo Ivan Sevilla Padilla
Name of the employee is Rubén Martínez Abad. Works is in People department as People Operations Associate. Manager of the employee is Jose Luis Nortes Mesas
Name of the employee is Shivam Arora. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is İrem Namlısoy
Name of the employee is Milena Disanza. Works is in Legal department as Head of Legal. Manager of the employee is Selin Barlın Aral
Name of the employee is Manisha Parshotam. Works is in Finance department as FP&A Manager. Manager of the employee is Trevor Alan Butler
Name of the employee is Lacai Fouche. Works is in Operations department as Operations Manager, Chicago. Manager of the employee is Michael Adams
Name of the employee is Mustafa Alper Ergin. Works is in Product department as Senior Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Orkun Kaan Türeyyen
Name of the employee is Ümit Durgu. Works is in Supply Chain department as Head of Health & Safety and Security. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Güleç
Name of the employee is Duygu Çolak. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Quality & Learning Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Derya Kurt
Name of the employee is Barış Kara. Works is in Growth department as Growth Executive. Manager of the employee is Elif Burçin Amet
Name of the employee is Ali Rıza Güneş. Works is in Operations department as New Business Operations Specialist, Field. Manager of the employee is Kaan Göksu
Name of the employee is Tuba Akan. Works is in Operations department as GetirÇarşı Graphic Designer. Manager of the employee is Başak Oğuz
Name of the employee is Ayşenur Bulutköy. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Can Berk Yekedüz
Name of the employee is Kübra Murat Tuğrul. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Begüm Şimşek
Name of the employee is Johana Stefanie Veitia Flores. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Victor Canfranc Soriano
Name of the employee is Ekin Nurbaş. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - Algorithm. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Ethem Demirci
Name of the employee is Ecem Özdağ. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Can Berk Yekedüz
Name of the employee is Gürkan Volkan Saçu. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - .Net. Manager of the employee is Rifat Çağrı Ekin
Name of the employee is Mehmet Kaykısız. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Go. Manager of the employee is Can Sözeri
Name of the employee is Murat Taha Sönmez. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Ceren Çimen Demir
Name of the employee is Burcu Aksoy (qse). Works is in Supply Chain department as Quality Manager. Manager of the employee is Yasemin Ertürk
Name of the employee is Nefise Mehveş Öktem. Works is in Commercial department as Category Purchasing Manager. Manager of the employee is Kemal Özgür Yücel
Name of the employee is Jonatan Moraes Wasem. Works is in Operations department as Fleet Mechanic Specialist (IT). Manager of the employee is Luca Galoppini
Name of the employee is Philippa Van Zuylen Van Nijevelt. Works is in Performance department as Performance Manager. Manager of the employee is Giovanni Maranzano
Name of the employee is Dhikra Bouakkaz. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Planning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Barışcan Büyükaras
Name of the employee is Alain Jean Louis Rousseau. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Head of Corporate Communication. Manager of the employee is Robert Nicolas Musikas
Name of the employee is Rostom Halaïmia. Works is in Performance department as Operations Performance Associate. Manager of the employee is Carıot Tristan
Name of the employee is Ananthu Sekhar. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Abdullah Oktay
Name of the employee is Kiran Babu. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Criston Sylvester Lobo
Name of the employee is Martina Badinkova. Works is in People department as TA Strategy & Excellence Associate. Manager of the employee is Richard Edward Ranson
Name of the employee is Alexander Steinbrecher. Works is in Legal department as Head of Legal. Manager of the employee is Selin Barlın Aral
Name of the employee is Marusha Kolsek. Works is in People department as Office Manager. Manager of the employee is Toni Cairns
Name of the employee is Jasmin Ghennam. Works is in People department as People Programme Manager. Manager of the employee is Insia Valika
Name of the employee is Jéssica Fernandes. Works is in Marketing department as Marketing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Daniel Fernando Arevalo Lopez
Name of the employee is Diane Santoni. Works is in Legal department as Legal Counsel, Property Iberia. Manager of the employee is Estela Durá Gimena
Name of the employee is Smriti Kanwar. Works is in Supply Chain department as Quality Assurance Manager. Manager of the employee is Gulcin Gaves
Name of the employee is Javier Jimenez Otero. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Luis Carlos Almada Delgado
Name of the employee is Hecaris Orozco Moreno. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Carlos Pena Bujan
Name of the employee is Hasan Hüseyin Demirsoy. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Özcan Yakar
Name of the employee is Chris Daquam Aiken. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Loren Addison
Name of the employee is Sonia Sanchez Rodriguez. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Carlos Morales Lafuente
Name of the employee is Çetmen Bayram. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Birnur Çakır
Name of the employee is Muhammed Emre Aydın. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Carecall Specialist. Manager of the employee is Çağla Gülcan
Name of the employee is Yasemin Deveci Dündar. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Carecall Specialist. Manager of the employee is Çağla Gülcan
Name of the employee is Zeynep Gülpınar. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Carecall Specialist. Manager of the employee is Çağla Gülcan
Name of the employee is Kübra Argun. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ozan Güngör
Name of the employee is Sena Oran. Works is in Finance department as Treasury Specialist. Manager of the employee is Sinem Tüysüzoğlu Şenel
Name of the employee is Umutcan Kalkan. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE - Django. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar
Name of the employee is Mehmet Görkem Turhan. Works is in Supply Chain department as Franchise Quality Specialist. Manager of the employee is Büşra Kılıç
Name of the employee is Hümay Ergin. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Alper Ergin
Name of the employee is Mehmet Nuri Ulusam. Works is in Transformation department as Growth Strategy Specialist. Manager of the employee is Cafer Sadık Gençoğlan
Name of the employee is İbrahim Kurtini. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Manager. Manager of the employee is Rüçhan Arda
Name of the employee is Emine Ecem Kayıkcı. Works is in Sales department as Sales Development & Performance Specialist. Manager of the employee is Özge Kanbur
Name of the employee is Nihal Dindar Akın. Works is in Management department as CEO, N11. Manager of the employee is Nazım Salur
Name of the employee is Nevin Mazmanoğlu Cengiz. Works is in People department as People Business Partner. Manager of the employee is Şilan Erkasap
Name of the employee is Luca Galoppini. Works is in Operations department as Fleet Associate. Manager of the employee is Vito Parrinello
Name of the employee is Ali Sinan Kardaş. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Grégory Frédéric Mortelec
Name of the employee is Claire Choquet. Works is in People department as People Business Partner Associate. Manager of the employee is Marc Florent Czajezynski
Name of the employee is Ayana Sophie Miyanaga. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Internal Controls Manager. Manager of the employee is Manal Atif
Name of the employee is Annabel Camilla Strutt. Works is in Legal department as Senior Legal Counsel . Manager of the employee is Anna Claire Catharine Cosgrave
Name of the employee is Mario Adler. Works is in Transformation department as Head of Special Projects. Manager of the employee is Turancan Salur
Name of the employee is Hugo Roberto Garcia. Works is in People department as Payroll Specialist. Manager of the employee is Konstantinoff Jeanne-marie
Name of the employee is Ismael Gayoso Herrero. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Carlos Morales Lafuente
Name of the employee is Samuel David O'brien Ader. Works is in Operations department as Head of Operations. Manager of the employee is Christopher Chaaya
Name of the employee is Alec Dent. Works is in Strategy department as Director of Strategy and Integration. Manager of the employee is Derya Erdemli
Name of the employee is Georgia-lavinia Branea. Works is in Operations department as Ops Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Adam Benjamin Crombie
Name of the employee is Yasin Sandık. Works is in Marketing department as Designer, US. Manager of the employee is İlay Karateke
Name of the employee is Richard Francis. Works is in Operations department as Area Manager. Manager of the employee is Derek Richard Lascelles Pollard
Name of the employee is Megan Manners. Works is in Marketing department as Regional Design Lead. Manager of the employee is Nicholas Alexander Casby
Name of the employee is Marina Stephens. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Communications Manager. Manager of the employee is Candida Hilton
Name of the employee is Senem Karaoğlan. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tuğba Kurtini
Name of the employee is Seda Demirci. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Cemre Çalhan
Name of the employee is Nurcan Yıldız. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tuğba Kurtini
Name of the employee is Nisanur Dağdelen. Works is in GetirWater department as Marketplace Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Cemre Çalhan
Name of the employee is Nalan Mahmutoğlu. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Kamış
Name of the employee is Mercan Turğut Coşkun. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tuğba Kurtini
Name of the employee is Kübra Nur Aksoy. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Kamış
Name of the employee is Büşra Tezcan. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tuğba Kurtini
Name of the employee is Gerdina Christine Strating. Works is in Legal department as Real Estate Counsel. Manager of the employee is Lorijn Georgea Theodora Van Der Valk
Name of the employee is Olivier Danile. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Rudi Pollet
Name of the employee is Viorel Ivanovici. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Regional CRM Manager. Manager of the employee is Hamza Drine
Name of the employee is Erkan Ozcan. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Associate. Manager of the employee is Edwin Berkemeijer
Name of the employee is Adam Benjamin Crombie. Works is in Operations department as Ops Excellence Manager. Manager of the employee is Samuel David O'brien Ader
Name of the employee is Klodiana Dedinca. Works is in Expansion department as Property and Facilities Specialist. Manager of the employee is Andrew Whittle
Name of the employee is Katie Lester. Works is in Transformation department as Special Projects Lead. Manager of the employee is Mario Adler
Name of the employee is Samet Eray Erdem. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Ali Keskin
Name of the employee is Ahmet Can Özen. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Ali Keskin
Name of the employee is Aybüke Sevin. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Akif Erikci
Name of the employee is Cafer Sadık Gençoğlan. Works is in Transformation department as Chief Efficiency Officer. Manager of the employee is Nazım Salur
Name of the employee is Umar Khalid. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Muhammad Zuniar Azam
Name of the employee is Vaishali Rajani. Works is in People department as Talent Acquisition Excellence and Strategy Specialist. Manager of the employee is Richard Edward Ranson
Name of the employee is Tahir Mohammed. Works is in Finance department as Finance Ops Manager. Manager of the employee is David Vincent
Name of the employee is Jatinder Kumar Sharma. Works is in Legal department as Head of Legal. Manager of the employee is Selin Barlın Aral
Name of the employee is Tokorian Lamar Hayes. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Michael Adams
Name of the employee is Yağmur Dilda Aksoy. Works is in People department as Talent Acquisition Specialist. Manager of the employee is Kübra Aydın
Name of the employee is Cansu Aydoğan. Works is in R&D department as R&D Specialist. Manager of the employee is Cansu Karahasanoğlu Bal
Name of the employee is Gizem Merve Cifgüvercin. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer II - BE - Go. Manager of the employee is Ufuk Çatalca
Name of the employee is Kenan Subaşı. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Go. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar
Name of the employee is Sercan Ardil. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Django. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar
Name of the employee is Başak Akçelik. Works is in People department as People Business Partner. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Orakcıoğlu
Name of the employee is Ebru Bedriye Uğur. Works is in Operations department as Fleet Specialist. Manager of the employee is Serkan Aslan
Name of the employee is Taner Çeliker. Works is in Engineering department as Global IT Service Desk Manager. Manager of the employee is Eckhart Josef Gerken
Name of the employee is Mert Bölükoğlu. Works is in Legal department as Legal Manager. Manager of the employee is Merve Çıkrıkçıoğlu Şirin
Name of the employee is Mehmet Sait Seymenoğlu. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ozan Güngör
Name of the employee is Burak Yılmaz (gysae). Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Tuğçe Kurtaran
Name of the employee is Sertaç Er. Works is in Supply Chain department as Quality Specialist. Manager of the employee is Melik Şeyhoğlu
Name of the employee is Didem Alpinanç. Works is in Supply Chain department as Head of Fresh Categories Planning. Manager of the employee is Mediha Küstür Saydan
Name of the employee is Kaan Koray Kümbet. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Performance Director. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Güleç
Name of the employee is Cansu Cesur Köse. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Eniz Gülek
Name of the employee is Seval Köklü. Works is in Operations department as Operations Manager. Manager of the employee is Doğuş Murat Domaç
Name of the employee is Duygu Özcan. Works is in Legal department as Legal Manager, GetirFinans. Manager of the employee is Hatice Senem Uysal
Name of the employee is Alican Eroğlu. Works is in Engineering department as İş Çözümleri Uzmanı. Manager of the employee is Alper Korkmaz
Name of the employee is Cem Aktan. Works is in Operations department as Call Center Manager. Manager of the employee is Özkan Uzunhan
Name of the employee is Doğukan Ünsal. Works is in Operations department as IOT Device Executive. Manager of the employee is Senem Çağlar
Name of the employee is Muhammet Şen. Works is in Operations department as Field Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Senem Çağlar
Name of the employee is Rüzgar Yağmurcu. Works is in Operations department as Damage Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Bekir Serdar Şahin
Name of the employee is Gabriela Andrade Baldini. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Key Account Associate. Manager of the employee is Baris Ozman
Name of the employee is Łukasz Jan Drużkowski. Works is in People department as Learning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Natasha Jasrotia
Name of the employee is Murat Doğu. Works is in Operations department as Area Manager. Manager of the employee is Bastian Esswein
Name of the employee is Ralf Jegel. Works is in People department as People Operations Associate. Manager of the employee is Giordano Mettus
Name of the employee is Awoyemi Tolulope Ezekiel. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Serkan Yoğuran
Name of the employee is Maria Ploumaki. Works is in People department as People Programme Manager. Manager of the employee is Insia Valika
Name of the employee is Shaban Dzhemal. Works is in People department as Talent Acquisition System Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Robby Sidney Helstone
Name of the employee is José Maria Da Luz Marques Martins De Carvalho. Works is in Commercial department as Buying Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tiago André Neves De Almeida Pereira
Name of the employee is Belen Maria Ferreira Ruiz. Works is in Finance department as Controlling Associate. Manager of the employee is Mireia Prat Tió
Name of the employee is Matias Viggiano Folena. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Manager. Manager of the employee is Ruben Marinus Josephus Sertons
Name of the employee is Carla Matarrodona Roig. Works is in Expansion department as Construction & Facilies Manager. Manager of the employee is Maria Angeles Perez De Arenaza
Name of the employee is Abdihakim Duale. Works is in Finance department as FP&A Associate. Manager of the employee is Manisha Parshotam
Name of the employee is Thomas Jean Cornelis Van Den Heuvel. Works is in People department as Talent Acquisition Manager. Manager of the employee is Philip Morrissey
Name of the employee is Alasdair Harriss. Works is in Marketing department as Regional Marketing Coordinator. Manager of the employee is Steven Chick
Name of the employee is Thomas Waldman. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as People Director Field. Manager of the employee is Selin Barlın Aral
Name of the employee is Orhan Başaran. Works is in Finance department as Controlling Specialist. Manager of the employee is Cansu Taşkan
Name of the employee is Yasin Berke Yılmaz. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Services Specialist (Reverse Logistics). Manager of the employee is Anılcan Cankat
Name of the employee is Tom Wylde. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Regional Courier Onboarding Manager. Manager of the employee is Thomas Jan Van Den Dam
Name of the employee is Carla Torrubia Hernandez. Works is in Operations department as Ops Excellence Manager. Manager of the employee is Adam Benjamin Crombie
Name of the employee is Sheila Salisbury. Works is in Commercial department as Partherships Manager. Manager of the employee is Amelia Newland
Name of the employee is Chloe Urand. Works is in Supply Chain department as Replenishment Planner. Manager of the employee is Emre Kalyoncu
Name of the employee is Theo Ellis. Works is in Supply Chain department as Category Planner. Manager of the employee is Ermias Abay
Name of the employee is Milo Dundas. Works is in Transformation department as Category Planning Analyst. Manager of the employee is Mobeen Ahmad Warraich
Name of the employee is Sam Casement. Works is in Supply Chain department as Category Planner. Manager of the employee is Madeleine St Clair Darby
Name of the employee is Pinar Yaman. Works is in Finance department as Controlling Analyst. Manager of the employee is Brett Berdinsky
Name of the employee is Lucía López Herrera Rodríguez. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Carlos Morales Lafuente
Name of the employee is Joana Pinto Nunes. Works is in People department as People Business Parter Portugal. Manager of the employee is Jose Luis Nortes Mesas
Name of the employee is Hatice Senem Uysal. Works is in Legal department as Legal Vice President. Manager of the employee is Selin Barlın Aral
Name of the employee is Ethem Ağan. Works is in Finance department as Treasury Intern. Manager of the employee is Gizem Kıvrak
Name of the employee is Handenur Uzun Oktay. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Hüseyin Ergon
Name of the employee is İbrahim Hızlıoğlu. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is İsmet Öker
Name of the employee is Mehmet Ali Çakır. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Baran Kaan Sert
Name of the employee is Hasan Akyol. Works is in Finance department as Bayi Muhasebe Uzmanı. Manager of the employee is Oğuzhan Miraç Tarbak
Name of the employee is Cem Kayaturan. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Erdoğan Çetintuna
Name of the employee is Emre Gürbüzer. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Semih Ergüven
Name of the employee is Erdem Anıl Şişman. Works is in Operations department as Technical Facility Executive. Manager of the employee is Çağrı Saraç
Name of the employee is Fatih Cura. Works is in Operations department as Fleet Specialist. Manager of the employee is Serkan Aslan
Name of the employee is İrem Yılmaz. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Designer (Mid Level). Manager of the employee is Emre Çolak
Name of the employee is Batuhan Oğuz. Works is in Legal department as Senior Legal Counsel. Manager of the employee is Meltem Başkaya
Name of the employee is Mohammed Eriyani. Works is in Supply Chain department as Demand Planning Associate. Manager of the employee is Elif Üstündağ Ergin
Name of the employee is Kristof Van Beveren. Works is in Management department as General Manager. Manager of the employee is Turancan Salur
Name of the employee is Batuhan Demir. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineer II - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Melih Sağıroğlu
Name of the employee is Burak Kısacık. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Doğukan Ocak
Name of the employee is Utku Türkoğlu. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Emre Sebat
Name of the employee is Hasan Batuhan Kurt. Works is in Operations department as Constructional Projects Specialist. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Günaydın
Name of the employee is Kardelen Deniz. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nurseli Kurtuluş
Name of the employee is Mehmet Serkan Ural. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Oğuz Özdökmeci
Name of the employee is Hayrettin Murat Yarıcı. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ömer Orbay
Name of the employee is Oliver Phillpott. Works is in Transformation department as Retail Performance Lead. Manager of the employee is Daniel Glusman
Name of the employee is Baran Kaan Sert. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Russell Forster
Name of the employee is Selin Alıncak. Works is in Business Development department as Business Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Emrah Şat
Name of the employee is Levent Cura. Works is in Finance department as Commercial Finance Manager. Manager of the employee is Tuba Dağcan Hallaç
Name of the employee is Onat Alıcı. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Executive. Manager of the employee is Sevecen Uğuz
Name of the employee is Sinem Baş. Works is in Product department as Senior Program Manager. Manager of the employee is Hulusi Duru İlter
Name of the employee is Cennet Büşra Ergen. Works is in Growth department as Growth Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Evrim Tuğçe Erol
Name of the employee is Serkan Çetin. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Abdullah Akyüz
Name of the employee is Tuğçe Bağçivan. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Digital Marketing Executive. Manager of the employee is Laura-sabina Burlacu
Name of the employee is Ecennaz Karlı. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Corporate Communications Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nazlı Yurtekin Ünver
Name of the employee is Tevfik Enes Özel. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Özgür Mustafa Sucu
Name of the employee is Süleyman Başaranoğlu. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Baran Kaan Sert
Name of the employee is Arif Halit Yüksel. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Designer (Mid Level). Manager of the employee is Merve Yapıcı
Name of the employee is Gürkan Gerçek. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Barista. Manager of the employee is Bilge Bilgin
Name of the employee is Sabahat Yağmur Karayel. Works is in People department as Talent Acquisition Specialist. Manager of the employee is Sezer Çilem Akay
Name of the employee is Atakan Turan. Works is in GetirFinance department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Ali Can Özsoy
Name of the employee is Emrecan Çırtan. Works is in GetirFinance department as GetirFinans Process Design Executive. Manager of the employee is Onur Kantemir
Name of the employee is Rumeysa Bırçak. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Burcu Şayli Öge
Name of the employee is Betül Boyraz. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burak Yalçın Çam
Name of the employee is Dragos Ivanov. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Serkan Yoğuran
Name of the employee is Hakan Erik. Works is in Commercial department as Category Purchasing Executive. Manager of the employee is Kemal Özgür Yücel
Name of the employee is Fabrizio Cagnucci. Works is in Indirect Procurement department as Procurement Specialist. Manager of the employee is Davide Nicola Calabrese
Name of the employee is Yoann Perdrix. Works is in Operations department as Area Manager. Manager of the employee is Carıot Tristan
Name of the employee is Chaima Loubnani. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Planning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Erdem Erden
Name of the employee is Betül Tuğçe Kaya. Works is in Legal department as Legal Manager. Manager of the employee is Zeynep Ahu Sazcı Uzun
Name of the employee is Charlotte Elizabeth Bodley. Works is in People department as Talent Acquisition Business Partner, Europe. Manager of the employee is Harriet June Ball
Name of the employee is Madeleine St Clair Darby. Works is in Supply Chain department as Category Planning Manager. Manager of the employee is Gulcin Gaves
Name of the employee is Ege Demir. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Operations Associate. Manager of the employee is Emre Kırveli
Name of the employee is Kathleen Fernandes. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Executive Assistant: US GM. Manager of the employee is Kristof Van Beveren
Name of the employee is Vincent Hugon. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hieu Nguyen Trong
Name of the employee is Andrea Mattaini. Works is in People department as Talent Acquisition Systems Support Associate. Manager of the employee is Robby Sidney Helstone
Name of the employee is Engincan Varan. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - Algorithm. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Ethem Demirci
Name of the employee is Yasin Sönmez. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Emre Sebat
Name of the employee is Yamaç Göker. Works is in Transformation department as Transformation Specialist. Manager of the employee is Aslı Filiyet Göğebakan
Name of the employee is Zeynep Naz Kilci. Works is in People department as Talent Acquisition Intern. Manager of the employee is Sezer Çilem Akay
Name of the employee is Tugay Demirel. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Django. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar
Name of the employee is Mustafa Köksal Korkut. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Begüm Şimşek
Name of the employee is Ömür Uzun. Works is in Operations department as Marketplace Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Elif Güner
Name of the employee is Ela Koçyiğit. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Baş
Name of the employee is Halil Mustafa Atasever. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Can Berk Yekedüz
Name of the employee is Mert Vural. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Baş
Name of the employee is Ozan Maçin. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ozan Güngör
Name of the employee is Gülsüm Öztürk. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ayşe Melike Yıldırım
Name of the employee is Hüseyin Tokatlı. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ozan Güngör
Name of the employee is Aleyna Mercan. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ayşe Melike Yıldırım
Name of the employee is Ömer Faruk İnan. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Enes Emre Aktuğ
Name of the employee is Amara Comara. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Chafik Temmar
Name of the employee is Miriam Ruiz Hernandez. Works is in Marketing department as Trade Marketing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Rebeca Ramon Regàs
Name of the employee is Sergio Kian Sánchez Garrido. Works is in Marketing department as Designer Associate. Manager of the employee is Patricio Tomás Veloso Zapata
Name of the employee is Takomborerwa Mazarura. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer II - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Shashank Junna Basanna
Name of the employee is Tayfun Özdoğan. Works is in Operations department as Operations Manager. Manager of the employee is Özgür Vahit Saltı
Name of the employee is Bahadır Furkan Akgül. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar (gysem)
Name of the employee is Semih Kanyılmaz. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Go. Manager of the employee is Ufuk Çatalca
Name of the employee is Serhat Akdeniz. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Hamza Burak Yılmaz
Name of the employee is Yunus Doruk. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tayfun Özdoğan
Name of the employee is Meryem Ayanoğlu. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ozan Güngör
Name of the employee is Damla Şentürk. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist II. Manager of the employee is Hasan Burak Yel
Name of the employee is Ozan Saraç. Works is in Sales department as Key Account Manager. Manager of the employee is Serkan Çiçek
Name of the employee is Gözde Çobanoğlu. Works is in Product department as Senior Product Manager. Manager of the employee is İpek Saray
Name of the employee is Onur Çetin. Works is in Growth department as Growth Executive. Manager of the employee is Ali İhsan Eren
Name of the employee is Mert Yalnız. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Akın Onur Turan
Name of the employee is Turan Yılmaz. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Engineer I - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Çakır
Name of the employee is Gülce Kutlu. Works is in People department as Global People Systems and Data Executive. Manager of the employee is Insia Valika
Name of the employee is Saim Furkan Şengüler. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Data Analytics Executive. Manager of the employee is Alper Ertürk
Name of the employee is Simay Elif Erdem Çobanoğlu. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Çamaş
Name of the employee is Aykut İşbilen. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Executive. Manager of the employee is Safa Ünal
Name of the employee is Buğra Tunalı. Works is in Finance department as International Controlling Manager. Manager of the employee is Hans Adriaan Jan Joost Ouwendijk
Name of the employee is Hande Şafak. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Executive. Manager of the employee is Didem Alpinanç
Name of the employee is Maxim Sterjanov. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Seda Yalçın
Name of the employee is Berfin Bozan. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Carecall Specialist. Manager of the employee is Çağla Gülcan
Name of the employee is Arzu Aydın. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Social Media Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Kamış
Name of the employee is Salvatore Biondi. Works is in Operations department as Area Operation Manager. Manager of the employee is Vito Parrinello
Name of the employee is Valentina Ramello. Works is in Operations department as Area Operation Manager. Manager of the employee is Vito Parrinello
Name of the employee is Mursal Sheydayev. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Ali Karzan
Name of the employee is Someshwar Mukherjee. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Director. Manager of the employee is Hatice Evren
Name of the employee is Seza Nevzat. Works is in Engineering department as IT Director. Manager of the employee is Hatice Evren
Name of the employee is Soharpin Sugianto. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Abdullah Oktay
Name of the employee is Esin Ersoy Enhos. Works is in Legal department as Legal Counsel. Manager of the employee is Syed Ehsan Ullah Shah
Name of the employee is Sarel Can Kohen. Works is in Product department as Transformation Specialist. Manager of the employee is Julia Davison
Name of the employee is Omer Umut Basdemir. Works is in Operations department as Operations Performance Associate. Manager of the employee is Langston Dugger
Name of the employee is Mihaela Popinciuc. Works is in Finance department as Accounting & Tax Manager. Manager of the employee is Thomas Joachim Dennhardt
Name of the employee is Ekin Çelik. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Can Berk Yekedüz
Name of the employee is Emre Özdemir. Works is in Sales department as Sales Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hamitcan Fidan
Name of the employee is Ahmet Fırat Halıcıoğlu. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Okan Tamtürk
Name of the employee is İrem Yalçın. Works is in Sales department as Sales Specialist. Manager of the employee is Salih Berk Özgüle
Name of the employee is Sena Dizdar. Works is in Sales department as Sales Specialist. Manager of the employee is Okan Tamtürk
Name of the employee is Eren Gülcü. Works is in Sales department as Sales Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hamitcan Fidan
Name of the employee is Samet Kalafat. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Dursun
Name of the employee is Michele Agostini. Works is in Supply Chain department as Demand & Planning Associate. Manager of the employee is Bahadır Eden
Name of the employee is Valentina Lari. Works is in Supply Chain department as Demand & Planning Associate. Manager of the employee is Paola Barbarano
Name of the employee is Joana Cruz. Works is in Commercial department as Buying and Commercial Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tiago André Neves De Almeida Pereira
Name of the employee is Murat Özer. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Can Berk Şen
Name of the employee is Ömer Faruk Sevindik. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Akif Erikci
Name of the employee is Gökhan Güner. Works is in Finance department as Accounting Associate. Manager of the employee is Tahir Mohammed
Name of the employee is Thabang Maneli. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Associate. Manager of the employee is Maikel Aarts
Name of the employee is Linford Royan. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Gopalakrishnan Raghunathan
Name of the employee is Ferhat Yıldız. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Backoffice Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Kamış
Name of the employee is Buse Kibar. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist, Germany. Manager of the employee is Onat Alıcı
Name of the employee is Utku Koca. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Alkan
Name of the employee is Mertcan Takıl. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Kemal Burak Yöndem
Name of the employee is Ulaş Bağdadi. Works is in Growth department as Growth Intern. Manager of the employee is Yunus Emre Çankaya
Name of the employee is Amirou Yakubu. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Ahmed Berrabah
Name of the employee is Fatma Eker. Works is in Growth department as Growth Strategy Executive. Manager of the employee is Yasemin Peker
Name of the employee is Emre Tever. Works is in Growth department as Growth Executive. Manager of the employee is Ayda Hazal Aydın
Name of the employee is Mehmet Eray Özay. Works is in Product department as Senior Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Anıl Karamanlıoğlu
Name of the employee is Mustafa Çağatay Kızıltan. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - .Net. Manager of the employee is Rifat Çağrı Ekin
Name of the employee is Necip Enes Gengeç. Works is in Data department as Senior Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Yiğit Çetinel
Name of the employee is Abdullah Tüysüz. Works is in Data department as Data Analyst II. Manager of the employee is Eser Ercan Akın
Name of the employee is Berk Ekim Paşmakoğlu. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Russell Forster
Name of the employee is Berk Öztürk. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Ergin Derya Küçükiravul
Name of the employee is Selin Sakarya. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Can Berk Şen
Name of the employee is Erim Eren. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Sevilay Günay
Name of the employee is Tuba Dağcan Hallaç. Works is in Finance department as Non-Grocery Finance Director. Manager of the employee is Osman Yılmaz
Name of the employee is İpek Biçaço. Works is in Customer department as Knowledge & Insights Lead. Manager of the employee is Duygu Öztürk
Name of the employee is Meriç Adıgüzel. Works is in Product department as Associate Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Bahadır Ersin
Name of the employee is Hülya Özdil. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Baş
Name of the employee is Yunus Emre İnan. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ayşe Melike Yıldırım
Name of the employee is Hilal Şeker. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Baş
Name of the employee is Batuhan Dündar. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ayşe Melike Yıldırım
Name of the employee is Ayça Nur Gece. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Social Media Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Kamış
Name of the employee is Sébastien Germain. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Sebiane Djamel
Name of the employee is Jaime Cunillé Sanchez. Works is in Marketing department as International Customer Experience Associate. Manager of the employee is Vasudha Kulkarni
Name of the employee is İlkim Çetinbağ. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Baş
Name of the employee is Priscilla Therese Garner. Works is in Legal department as Leasing Administrator. Manager of the employee is David Schubert
Name of the employee is David Michael Brown. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Michael Adams
Name of the employee is Larrivel Conception. Works is in Operations department as Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Ivan Bredice
Name of the employee is Sandra Gustiuc. Works is in People department as People Services Administrator. Manager of the employee is Chantalle Van Goor
Name of the employee is Erica Mariani. Works is in Operations department as G Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Valentina Ramello
Name of the employee is Zohra Djaber. Works is in Operations department as Assistant Manager. Manager of the employee is Yoann Perdrix
Name of the employee is Patricia Soberanes Juarez. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Manager. Manager of the employee is Romain Chabernaud
Name of the employee is Yero Camara. Works is in People department as Payroll Specialist. Manager of the employee is Konstantinoff Jeanne-marie
Name of the employee is Justin Portier. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Manager. Manager of the employee is Henri Charpentıer
Name of the employee is Claudia Teodora Ganea. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Planning Associate. Manager of the employee is Günce Özkanlı İşeri
Name of the employee is Philipp Türker. Works is in Management department as Transformation Lead. Manager of the employee is Turancan Salur
Name of the employee is Esma Hüsna Bıyık. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Designer. Manager of the employee is Nicholas Alexander Casby
Name of the employee is Ceyda İrem Alıcı. Works is in Supply Chain department as Demand Planning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Emre Kırveli
Name of the employee is Buğra Aker Yılmaz. Works is in Product department as Associate Product Manager. Manager of the employee is İpek Saray
Name of the employee is Belde Gökten. Works is in People department as Talent Acquisition Executive. Manager of the employee is Esin Çeşme
Name of the employee is Ege Erinç. Works is in Marketing department as Trade & Event Marketing Manager. Manager of the employee is Efe Çapar
Name of the employee is Şahap Doğuş Kertik. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Hamitcan Fidan
Name of the employee is Minel Altay. Works is in Customer department as UX Researcher. Manager of the employee is Özge Özer
Name of the employee is Nadir Akdağ. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Go. Manager of the employee is Seda Yalçın
Name of the employee is Ahmet Dellal. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Akın Onur Turan
Name of the employee is Oya Suran. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Erkam Oral
Name of the employee is Sırrı Gençay Sayın. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - Algorithm. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Ethem Demirci
Name of the employee is Zeynep Gürsoy. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Ayşe Yalçın
Name of the employee is Mehmet Erdemir. Works is in Supply Chain department as Head of Supply Chain System Development. Manager of the employee is Kaan Koray Kümbet
Name of the employee is Fatih Egemen Tuntaş. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burak Yalçın Çam
Name of the employee is Alihan Akpınar. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nurseli Kurtuluş
Name of the employee is Yaşar Avcu. Works is in Business Development department as Business Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Adalet Serbest
Name of the employee is Furkan Kırcalı. Works is in Business Development department as Business Development Manager. Manager of the employee is Ayşegül Karaali Kurt
Name of the employee is Kübra Semanur Özbek. Works is in Finance department as General Accounting Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ufuk Kişi
Name of the employee is Kadir Yılmaz. Works is in Commercial department as Revenue Director. Manager of the employee is Batuhan Gültakan
Name of the employee is Sonia Sahaly. Works is in People department as Employee Experiance Systems. Manager of the employee is Thomas Waldman
Name of the employee is David Yunus Bansard. Works is in Insurance department as Insurance Claims Handler. Manager of the employee is Uğur Tahmaz
Name of the employee is Abdullah Oktay. Works is in Operations department as Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is Bastian Esswein
Name of the employee is Benjamin John Hulme. Works is in Commercial department as Head of Buying. Manager of the employee is Turancan Salur
Name of the employee is İrem Ereke. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is İhsan Netaşlı
Name of the employee is Sarah Lee. Works is in People department as People Business Partner & Sr. Office Manager. Manager of the employee is Gemma Llerena Cabre
Name of the employee is Jimena Font Gonzalez. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Associate. Manager of the employee is Carlos Montabes Ortega
Name of the employee is Jaime De Olazabal Bernaldo De Quirós. Works is in Expansion department as Real Estate Development Manager. Manager of the employee is Maria Angeles Perez De Arenaza
Name of the employee is Carlos Morales Lafuente. Works is in Operations department as Area Manager. Manager of the employee is Carla Carvajal Balletbo
Name of the employee is Albert Pon Elvira. Works is in Performance department as Business Operations Associate. Manager of the employee is Guillem Cruz Sabater
Name of the employee is Mariia Sarlayan. Works is in People department as Benefits & Mobility Specialist. Manager of the employee is Jatinder Kumar Sharma
Name of the employee is Aydoğan Ağırbaş. Works is in Finance department as Operational Finance Manager. Manager of the employee is Fırat Sarıçimen
Name of the employee is Rogier Adriaan Van Keulen. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Head of Government Relations - Netherlands. Manager of the employee is Florian Brunsting
Name of the employee is Judy Pronk. Works is in People department as Employee Health Associate. Manager of the employee is Toni Cairns
Name of the employee is Kaamini Chaudhary. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Emre Tanhan
Name of the employee is Qwendoline Cleopatra How. Works is in People department as Payroll Associate. Manager of the employee is Michael Defares
Name of the employee is Aleyna Yazanel. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist, France. Manager of the employee is Cantürk Sabaner
Name of the employee is Begüm Deniz. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist, France. Manager of the employee is Cantürk Sabaner
Name of the employee is Ömer Çebi. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist, France. Manager of the employee is Cantürk Sabaner
Name of the employee is Ozan Ulutaş. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Özgür Mustafa Sucu
Name of the employee is Pınar Can. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Eren Yıldırım
Name of the employee is Nazlı Cemre Kostakoğlu. Works is in Sales department as Sales Specialist. Manager of the employee is Sefa Kaya
Name of the employee is Ali Temel. Works is in Sales department as Sales Specialist. Manager of the employee is Çağlar Sinan Bulak
Name of the employee is Merve Karabulut. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ozan Güngör
Name of the employee is Sena Akbıyık. Works is in Sales department as Sales Specialist. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Dursun
Name of the employee is Mert Topçu. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services KPI & Performance Executive. Manager of the employee is Süleyman İlker Özcan
Name of the employee is Katy Fairweather. Works is in Finance department as Controlling Lead. Manager of the employee is David Vincent
Name of the employee is Ahmet Burak İlter. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Fraud Analytics & Prevention Specialist. Manager of the employee is Emre Kaya
Name of the employee is Ahmet Selçuk Tunçer. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Eniz Gülek
Name of the employee is Ataberk Gözkaya. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar (gysem)
Name of the employee is Seçil Bilgiç Keleşoğlu. Works is in Growth department as Head of Growth, GetirDrive. Manager of the employee is Emre Ayyıldız
Name of the employee is Ekrem Özdemir. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Fatma Zafer
Name of the employee is Gaye Özel Şahin. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ozan Güngör
Name of the employee is Ahmet Güzelsever. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Selim Dalseven
Name of the employee is Renze Michel Meijer. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Murat Öztürk
Name of the employee is Mohamed Oukha. Works is in Indirect Procurement department as Indirect Procurement Manager. Manager of the employee is Burcu Yavuz Altan
Name of the employee is Dilber Ceylin Aybulut. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Design Intern. Manager of the employee is Nuray Güney Tunçer
Name of the employee is Taha Bilici. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Operations Specialist (USA). Manager of the employee is Görkem Tüzel
Name of the employee is Hakan Taşköprü. Works is in Data department as Senior Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Hasan Burak Yel
Name of the employee is Onur Zünbül. Works is in Engineering department as Workspace Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Eckhart Josef Gerken
Name of the employee is Serhat Giydiren. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Cenk Akarçay
Name of the employee is Taner Sekmen. Works is in Data department as Data Science Intern. Manager of the employee is Cemre Dilan Şenli
Name of the employee is Yasemin Divriklioğlu. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Design Intern. Manager of the employee is Seda Şengün
Name of the employee is Kağan Yılmaz. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist, Germany. Manager of the employee is Onat Alıcı
Name of the employee is Behçet Kutay Zeki. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Anıl Karamanlıoğlu
Name of the employee is Ayşe Şaşırdı. Works is in Product department as Associate Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Salih Can
Name of the employee is Tuğçe Sezer. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Designer. Manager of the employee is Nuray Güney Tunçer
Name of the employee is Murat Özcan. Works is in Operations department as Operations Equipment Executive. Manager of the employee is Orçun Gültakan
Name of the employee is Coşkun Peker. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Göktürk Gök
Name of the employee is Elif Sağlam. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist II. Manager of the employee is Şükrü Bezen
Name of the employee is Ali Ömer Şimşek. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Erdi Ay
Name of the employee is Niccolò Lottaroli. Works is in Operations department as Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Claudio Messina
Name of the employee is Scott Lellouche. Works is in Operations department as Assistant Manager. Manager of the employee is Kevin Garagnani
Name of the employee is Tugay Karademir. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Göktürk Gök
Name of the employee is Emel Ertosun. Works is in Health & Safety department as Safety Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is Numan Bilgin
Name of the employee is Erkan Murat Yılmaz. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Erdoğan Çetintuna
Name of the employee is Fatma Nur Dumlupınar. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist II. Manager of the employee is Hasan Burak Yel
Name of the employee is Kaan Batu Çayıroğlu. Works is in Sales department as Partnership Manager. Manager of the employee is Serkan Çiçek
Name of the employee is Kaan Mersin. Works is in Customer department as Experience & User Analytics Specialist. Manager of the employee is Elif Müge Baştopcu
Name of the employee is Melisa Kalyoncu. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Social Media Specialist (USA). Manager of the employee is Mehmet Serhan Türkay
Name of the employee is Henrik Edward Islam. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Murat Cenk Batman
Name of the employee is Şahin Bingül. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Hulusi Duru İlter
Name of the employee is Güliz Ay. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - .Net. Manager of the employee is Rifat Çağrı Ekin
Name of the employee is Senem Erbaş. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nurseli Kurtuluş
Name of the employee is Nursel Dere. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Digital Marketing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Önay
Name of the employee is Süleyman Karakaşoğlu. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Hamza Burak Yılmaz
Name of the employee is Varol Koçoğlu. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Emre Tanhan
Name of the employee is Gökhan Çamaş. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineering Director. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Yiğit Çağlayan
Name of the employee is Emre Babal. Works is in Finance department as International FP&A Executive. Manager of the employee is Fatih Bozan
Name of the employee is İbrahim Çakır. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Tuğçe Kurtaran
Name of the employee is Bahadır Ersin. Works is in Product department as GetirAraç Head of Product. Manager of the employee is Emre Ayyıldız
Name of the employee is Gian Ver Zacarias. Works is in People department as TA Associate. Manager of the employee is Harriet June Ball
Name of the employee is Manuel Procacci. Works is in Operations department as G Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Valentina Ramello
Name of the employee is Luca Traditi. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Operations Associate. Manager of the employee is Gabriele Nicora
Name of the employee is Berthe Mpeck. Works is in People department as People Business Partner Specialist. Manager of the employee is Marc Florent Czajezynski
Name of the employee is Omar Amrani. Works is in Operations department as Assistant Manager. Manager of the employee is Grumiaux Ludovic
Name of the employee is Uyana Hewage Piusha Kalyana Somachandra. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Shashank Junna Basanna
Name of the employee is María Urrea López. Works is in Operations department as Special Projects Manager. Manager of the employee is Gerard Espinet
Name of the employee is Christopher Kitching. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Analyst. Manager of the employee is Stephen Davies
Name of the employee is Joe Dodd. Works is in Legal department as Paralegal. Manager of the employee is Anna Claire Catharine Cosgrave
Name of the employee is Taquasha Camille Hart. Works is in Operations department as Area Manager. Manager of the employee is Langston Dugger
Name of the employee is Ainhoa Rodríguez Díaz. Works is in Commercial department as Partnerships Associate. Manager of the employee is Eduardo Soto
Name of the employee is José Rodríguez Cantero. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Carlos Morales Lafuente
Name of the employee is Mariangel Elvira Nahmens Recio. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Alex Vila Romero
Name of the employee is Fatih Vural. Works is in Engineering department as IT Support Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Terzi
Name of the employee is Gizem Hasçelik. Works is in Customer department as Customer Experience Specialist. Manager of the employee is Elif Müge Baştopcu
Name of the employee is Selin Çakırlar. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Can Berk Yekedüz
Name of the employee is Melisa Yaşın. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Social Media Specialist (USA). Manager of the employee is Mehmet Serhan Türkay
Name of the employee is Ata Can Gürsoy. Works is in Operations department as Operations Performance & Finance Executive. Manager of the employee is Emir Oltulugil
Name of the employee is Necati Ersel Özkoç. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Muhammed Gökdemir
Name of the employee is Ecem Elif Eren. Works is in Growth department as Growth Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hazel Dilruba Akyüz
Name of the employee is Amayes Becheker. Works is in Operations department as Assistant Manager. Manager of the employee is Antoine Gardien
Name of the employee is Pedro Castaneda. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Relations Associate. Manager of the employee is Mac Chaudhry
Name of the employee is Müge İyiol. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist, Spain. Manager of the employee is Cantürk Sabaner
Name of the employee is Murat Öztürk. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Kemal Burak Yöndem
Name of the employee is Sabri Murat Aksoy. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ozan Güngör
Name of the employee is Ali Murat Gürel. Works is in Operations department as Global Business Analyst & Process Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Nuray Ceylan
Name of the employee is Aydan Tekin. Works is in Growth department as Growth Executive. Manager of the employee is Tilbe Sunay Kahveci
Name of the employee is Burak Birinci. Works is in Commercial department as Marketing Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Gülşah Yıldız
Name of the employee is Buse Pendaz. Works is in Growth department as Growth Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hazel Dilruba Akyüz
Name of the employee is Sıla Çetin. Works is in Commercial department as Category Purchasing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Melis Vural Kadıoğlu
Name of the employee is Erdem Altınkıran. Works is in Operations department as Technical Facility Specialist. Manager of the employee is Çağrı Saraç
Name of the employee is Gizem Sütçü. Works is in Data department as Data Analyst II. Manager of the employee is Tuğçe Soydan
Name of the employee is Hazal Tahmaz Aydın. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Duygu Koçer
Name of the employee is Necmettin Çakıcı. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Kağan Küçük
Name of the employee is Oğuz Külahlı. Works is in Transformation department as Head of Transformation, N11. Manager of the employee is Nihal Dindar Akın
Name of the employee is Sarp Kaptan. Works is in Growth department as Growth Specialist. Manager of the employee is Evrim Tuğçe Erol
Name of the employee is Umutcan Neşet Ölçer. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Ceren Çimen Demir
Name of the employee is Anıl Çetin. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Business Analyst I. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Çakır
Name of the employee is Büşra Baykara. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Quality & Learning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Duygu Çolak
Name of the employee is Muhammet Yuşa Doğru. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Bedirhan Güven
Name of the employee is Gökçe Terzioğlu Soyman. Works is in Legal department as Legal Manager, Contract. Manager of the employee is Melda Soymen Bacak
Name of the employee is Halit Gökdağ. Works is in Operations department as Operations Performance Executive. Manager of the employee is Sait Alpar Saydağ
Name of the employee is Meliha Pervin Öztürk. Works is in Legal department as Legal Counsel. Manager of the employee is Ezgi Akmenek
Name of the employee is Caner Can. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Can Berk Yekedüz
Name of the employee is Yasin Gözsüz. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ozan Güngör
Name of the employee is Mehdi Tounsi. Works is in Operations department as Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Daniela Laconca
Name of the employee is Sara Freddini. Works is in Marketing department as Social Media Manager. Manager of the employee is Francesca Ranieri
Name of the employee is Alejandra Dominique Ramos De Vega. Works is in People department as Payroll Data Analyst. Manager of the employee is Sandra Curtin-gallucci
Name of the employee is Rajan Mishra. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Seda Yalçın
Name of the employee is Cansu Özyetkin. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Internal Controls Manager. Manager of the employee is Manal Atif
Name of the employee is Dike Quashie. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Michael Adams
Name of the employee is Esau Santos. Works is in Commercial department as Buying Associate. Manager of the employee is Miguel Pedrosa Alonso
Name of the employee is María Inés Arxé Álvarez De Toledo. Works is in Commercial department as Buying Specialist. Manager of the employee is Antonio Maqueda Rodríguez
Name of the employee is Sara Ismail Aly. Works is in Operations department as Assistant Manager. Manager of the employee is Mamadou Fade
Name of the employee is Mohamed Ben Torkia. Works is in Operations department as Assistant Manager. Manager of the employee is Grégory Frédéric Mortelec
Name of the employee is Christophe Gillet. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Chafik Temmar
Name of the employee is Merve Karabulut (eng). Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Orhan Kemal Elçi
Name of the employee is Beyza Özerdal. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Go. Manager of the employee is Can Sözeri
Name of the employee is Eylül Deniz Can. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Kağan Küçük
Name of the employee is Hasan Burak Kutbay. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Wendell Oscar Tobin
Name of the employee is Ezgi Çelik. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Begüm Şimşek
Name of the employee is Merve Binicier. Works is in Operations department as SE Field Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burcu Kartal
Name of the employee is Von Joseph Lat. Works is in Operations department as Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Daniela Laconca
Name of the employee is Vincent Moulin. Works is in Operations department as Operations Support Associate. Manager of the employee is Hieu Nguyen Trong
Name of the employee is Günce Özkanlı İşeri. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Planning Manager  (DE). Manager of the employee is Baris Ozman
Name of the employee is Gabriele Poskauskyte. Works is in Supply Chain department as Category Planner. Manager of the employee is Gemma Louise Brunning
Name of the employee is Francesca Gala. Works is in Operations department as G Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Valentina Ramello
Name of the employee is Juan Sebastian Rodriguez Donado. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Óscar Rubén Marín Alonso
Name of the employee is Nicolas Rein Retana. Works is in Performance department as Performance Associate. Manager of the employee is Gerard Espinet
Name of the employee is Adnan Fındıkoğlu. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Fatih Topcu
Name of the employee is Esra Selen Demir. Works is in Product department as Product Marketing Manager. Manager of the employee is Julia Davison
Name of the employee is Neslihan Arslan. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Designer (Senior Level). Manager of the employee is Nuray Güney Tunçer
Name of the employee is Bahadır Seyfi. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineer I - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Erdi Ay
Name of the employee is İmran Çağla Eyüboğlu. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Aypar Yılmazkaya
Name of the employee is Çağla Yağcı. Works is in Commercial department as Revenue Management Executive. Manager of the employee is Beste Bulut
Name of the employee is Ceren Meyvacıoğlu. Works is in Customer Services department as Business Intelligence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Eser Yüksel
Name of the employee is Cem Atik. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Loss Prevention Specialist. Manager of the employee is Sadık Ateş
Name of the employee is Anıl Egehan Algül. Works is in Indirect Procurement department as Head of Inventory Development. Manager of the employee is Metin Hacıoğlu
Name of the employee is Amandine De Matos. Works is in Operations department as Assistant Manager. Manager of the employee is Grégory Frédéric Mortelec
Name of the employee is Lalit Kachhwah. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Hamza Burak Yılmaz
Name of the employee is Ludovic Grondin. Works is in Operations department as Mechanic. Manager of the employee is Adam Mahloul
Name of the employee is Edson Costa De Araújo. Works is in International Expansion department as Mechanic (PT). Manager of the employee is Pedro Miguel De Almeida Gonçalves
Name of the employee is Nassim Djoudad. Works is in Operations department as Assistant Manager. Manager of the employee is Inès Boursali
Name of the employee is Şerife Esra Öztürk. Works is in Sales department as Sales Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hamitcan Fidan
Name of the employee is Ezgi Akkaya Özardıç. Works is in Product department as Scrum Master II. Manager of the employee is Orkun Kaan Türeyyen
Name of the employee is Çağla Güneş. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist,Germany. Manager of the employee is Onat Alıcı
Name of the employee is Gökhan Suna. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Murat Öztürk
Name of the employee is Bora Ertan. Works is in Sales department as Key Account Manager. Manager of the employee is Halit Hakan Devecel
Name of the employee is İbrahim Külüşlü. Works is in Sales department as Key Account Manager. Manager of the employee is Halit Hakan Devecel
Name of the employee is Senem Begüm Alptekin Temel. Works is in Product department as Product Designer. Manager of the employee is Umut Can Yurtalan
Name of the employee is Sezgin Paslıoğlu. Works is in Data department as Senior Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Müge Yalçınkaya
Name of the employee is Tuğçe Gültekin Atlı. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Hulusi Duru İlter
Name of the employee is Burak Düşün. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineer II - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Akın Onur Turan
Name of the employee is Ece Akpolat. Works is in Marketing department as Content Executive (Senior Level). Manager of the employee is Feridun Çağkan Yüksel
Name of the employee is Hasan Okan Koçyiğit. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Engineer II - iOS. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Çakır
Name of the employee is Fatih Erdil. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - .Net. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar (gysem)
Name of the employee is Murat Gül. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineer II - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Çakır
Name of the employee is İbrahim Şahin. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Hızlıoğlu
Name of the employee is Kayahan Başkeser. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Murat Öztürk
Name of the employee is Erdi Ay. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Çamaş
Name of the employee is Yasemin Sarmaşık Şenaslan. Works is in Legal department as Paralegal. Manager of the employee is Ezgi Akmenek
Name of the employee is Aylin Ulusoy. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Executive. Manager of the employee is Safa Ünal
Name of the employee is Turgut Gülağız. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Asil Akın
Name of the employee is Ahmet Arslan Yıldız. Works is in Growth department as Growth Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ruken Katar
Name of the employee is Büşra Karaoğlu. Works is in Operations department as Marketplace Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Elif Güner
Name of the employee is Guglielmo Cremona. Works is in People department as Head of People, Italy. Manager of the employee is Selin Barlın Aral
Name of the employee is John Christopher Cottrell. Works is in Marketing department as Interim Regional Design Lead. Manager of the employee is Nicholas Alexander Casby
Name of the employee is Pamela Godoy Anselmi. Works is in Finance department as Supply Chain Finance Lead. Manager of the employee is Mireia Prat Tió
Name of the employee is Andre Santos. Works is in Finance department as Finance Specialist. Manager of the employee is Juan Manuel Alamo Roa
Name of the employee is Amira Bratsch. Works is in People department as Payroll Specialist. Manager of the employee is Sandra Curtin-gallucci
Name of the employee is Harsh Srivastava. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Seda Yalçın
Name of the employee is Moni Krausz. Works is in Performance department as Performance Manager. Manager of the employee is Anthony Massaad
Name of the employee is Mathilde Clauser. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Government Relations Lead. Manager of the employee is Nicolas-charles Edouard Pace
Name of the employee is Christian Malausene Yodé Droh Yode. Works is in Legal department as Legal Counsel Commercial. Manager of the employee is Ceren Aral Desnos
Name of the employee is Farrah Khaldi. Works is in People department as Apprentice HR. Manager of the employee is Marc Florent Czajezynski
Name of the employee is Ahmet Serdar Geze. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Akın Onur Turan
Name of the employee is John Fernandes. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Yasin Özer
Name of the employee is Salaheddine Boumaza. Works is in Operations department as Assistant Manager. Manager of the employee is Yoann Perdrix
Name of the employee is Vanessa Meetun. Works is in Operations department as Assistant Manager. Manager of the employee is Adama Demba Sy
Name of the employee is Stéphane Savornin. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Grégory Frédéric Mortelec
Name of the employee is Elif Kandemir Çelik. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ozan Güngör
Name of the employee is Hande Sinem Yacılar. Works is in Supply Chain department as Quality Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burcu Aksoy (qse)
Name of the employee is Şule Selin Tuna. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burak Yalçın Çam
Name of the employee is Yıldız Ayata Arteşen. Works is in Operations department as Marketplace Analytics Executive. Manager of the employee is Fatih Nas
Name of the employee is Sinem Tüysüzoğlu Şenel. Works is in Finance department as Treasury Manager. Manager of the employee is Simge Güçalp
Name of the employee is Tules Ertok. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - .Net. Manager of the employee is Rifat Çağrı Ekin
Name of the employee is İpek Uslu. Works is in Marketing department as Content Specialist. Manager of the employee is Cemre Tanyel
Name of the employee is Destina Sandıkçı. Works is in Finance department as Tahsilat Uzmanı. Manager of the employee is Şevket Boğa
Name of the employee is Can Ayhan. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Hamza Burak Yılmaz
Name of the employee is Elif Doğu. Works is in Customer department as Interim Knowledge & Insights Executive. Manager of the employee is İpek Biçaço
Name of the employee is Hasan Hüseyin Efe. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Erdi Ay
Name of the employee is Hilal Kahraman. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar
Name of the employee is Seda Yalçın. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Emre Turan
Name of the employee is Özgür Mustafa Sucu. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Kemal Burak Yöndem
Name of the employee is Cansu Gürgür. Works is in Operations department as Architect. Manager of the employee is Emel Kestek
Name of the employee is Ahmet Konur. Works is in Franchise Development department as Franchise Onboarding Manager. Manager of the employee is Erhan İnanılır
Name of the employee is Merve Akar. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Project Manager. Manager of the employee is Onur Aşık
Name of the employee is Merve Bilgintürk Taşçı. Works is in Commercial department as Category Purchasing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Anıl Açıkyıldız
Name of the employee is Ömür Yolcu. Works is in Operations department as Kasap İç Eğitmen. Manager of the employee is Furkan Kanbur
Name of the employee is Nelson Ditombi Bamba. Works is in Operations department as Assistant Manager. Manager of the employee is Younes Karim Zribi Ewald
Name of the employee is Seden Aycan Yeni Alsan. Works is in Finance department as Finance Analyst. Manager of the employee is Tahir Mohammed
Name of the employee is Rahul Kurup. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Aypar Yılmazkaya
Name of the employee is Adam Borzecki. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Service Operations Manager. Manager of the employee is İlay Karateke
Name of the employee is Patrick George Walsh. Works is in Operations department as Produce Center Manager. Manager of the employee is Ege Demir
Name of the employee is Marco Cabral. Works is in International Expansion department as Store Manager (NL). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Enrique Salazar Sebastiani. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Rıdvan Nuri Göçmen
Name of the employee is Enes Bilkan Konuş. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Ali Keskin
Name of the employee is Emre Selçuk. Works is in Data department as Senior Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Dorukhan Afacan
Name of the employee is Salim Ağıroğlu. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Salih Berk Özgüle
Name of the employee is Ahmet İhsan Demirci. Works is in People department as Payroll Specialist. Manager of the employee is Salih Menteş
Name of the employee is Ece Kibar. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Salih Can
Name of the employee is Fatih Kuru. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Onur Keskin
Name of the employee is Sadık Caner Tiryaki. Works is in Sales department as Key Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Ozan Saraç
Name of the employee is Hazal Özdemir. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Erdi Ay
Name of the employee is Mina Savaşcı. Works is in Operations department as Global Business Analyst & Process Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Nuray Ceylan
Name of the employee is Muhammet Mert Alacan. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist II. Manager of the employee is Muhammed Ali Meral
Name of the employee is Ramazan Mintaş. Works is in Finance department as Sales Finance Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Ecehan Gürkan
Name of the employee is Salih Yurttutmuş. Works is in Data department as Data Analyst II. Manager of the employee is Birsen Genelioğlu Çetinkaya
Name of the employee is Yunus Ünver. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Ali Keskin
Name of the employee is Orhun Orhan. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Engineer II - iOS. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Çakır
Name of the employee is Kübra Yeşilyurt. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Business Analyst I. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Çakır
Name of the employee is Şahin Mercan. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Engineer I - iOS. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Çakır
Name of the employee is Chi Zhang. Works is in Performance department as Performance Manager. Manager of the employee is Alexander Böhm
Name of the employee is Fatih Mehmet Aysu. Works is in Legal department as Paralegal. Manager of the employee is Ezgi Akmenek
Name of the employee is Adriana Pomohaci. Works is in Operations department as G Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Valentina Ramello
Name of the employee is Can Ayanoğlu. Works is in Marketing department as Producer. Manager of the employee is Nur Meltem Ersöz
Name of the employee is Nur Selin Soylu. Works is in Operations department as SE Central Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burcu Kartal
Name of the employee is Feridun Çağkan Yüksel. Works is in Marketing department as Creative Manager, Design. Manager of the employee is Nur Meltem Ersöz
Name of the employee is Giorgia Antoniotti. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Quality Manager. Manager of the employee is Pasquale Nugnes
Name of the employee is Pınar Baki. Works is in Data department as Senior Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Hasan Burak Yel
Name of the employee is Serkan Yavaş. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist II. Manager of the employee is Muhammed Ali Meral
Name of the employee is Noura Amhaoich. Works is in Finance department as Accounting and Tax Lead. Manager of the employee is Rodrigo Ivan Sevilla Padilla
Name of the employee is Sara Milhano Pintão De Campos. Works is in Commercial department as Buying Associate. Manager of the employee is Tiago André Neves De Almeida Pereira
Name of the employee is Alican Özkeskin. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist, Italy. Manager of the employee is Cantürk Sabaner
Name of the employee is Ece Bilgin. Works is in Data department as Senior Data Analyst I. Manager of the employee is Semih Akar
Name of the employee is Sergey Studenikin. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Enrique Salazar Sebastiani
Name of the employee is Kenan Kan. Works is in Supply Chain department as Franchise Quality Specialist. Manager of the employee is Yunus Emre Alp
Name of the employee is Elzbieta Kurowska. Works is in Strategy department as Strategy Lead. Manager of the employee is Florian Brunsting
Name of the employee is Cemal Demirel. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Services Specialist (Reverse Logistics). Manager of the employee is Anılcan Cankat
Name of the employee is Yunus Türk. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Bahtiyar Aydemir
Name of the employee is Serdar Çakır. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Koray İspir
Name of the employee is Maikel Aarts. Works is in Supply Chain department as Warehousing & Logistics Manager ROT. Manager of the employee is Alexander Streefkerk
Name of the employee is Fatma Köse. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Özgür Mustafa Sucu
Name of the employee is Azibatayam Iruo Aresuo. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is İhsan Netaşlı
Name of the employee is Işıl Adadıoğlu. Works is in Operations department as GIS Specialist. Manager of the employee is Gülşah Küçükosman
Name of the employee is Mark Hermanus Joost Derksen. Works is in People department as Head of Global Mobility. Manager of the employee is Rakeshkumar Arjanbhai Patel
Name of the employee is Hürkan Akbıyık. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Zekeriya Koç
Name of the employee is Ahmet Hilmi (özcan) Kaymak. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Bedirhan Güven
Name of the employee is António Neto. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Doğukan Ocak
Name of the employee is Rodin Sanagouy Moharrer. Works is in Legal department as Legal Working Student. Manager of the employee is Alexander Steinbrecher
Name of the employee is Vasile Tiberiu Banu. Works is in Supply Chain department as 3PL Warehouse Associate. Manager of the employee is Baris Ozman
Name of the employee is Romisaa Hussien Gomaa. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Bedirhan Güven
Name of the employee is Eline Hendrickx. Works is in Commercial department as Regional Partnerships Manager. Manager of the employee is Nur Erciyas
Name of the employee is Farshid Abazari Abhar. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Özgür Mustafa Sucu
Name of the employee is Marcos Timm Rossow. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Emre Erkek
Name of the employee is Aslıhan Gönen. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Designer (Senior Level). Manager of the employee is Semiha Çatalbaş
Name of the employee is Emre Arslan (apm). Works is in Product department as Associate Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Macarena Suarez
Name of the employee is Melis Pekdemir. Works is in GetirFinance department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Mertcan Yücel
Name of the employee is Merve Vural. Works is in Marketing department as Motion Designer (Mid Level). Manager of the employee is Merve Yapıcı
Name of the employee is Merve Ünal. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Designer. Manager of the employee is Merve Yapıcı
Name of the employee is Mina Üstünel. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Digital Marketing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Laura-sabina Burlacu
Name of the employee is Rıfat Can Gürbüz. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Murat Öztürk
Name of the employee is Sena Nur Korkmaz. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Technology Audit Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Dönmez
Name of the employee is İrem Shakor. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist, UK. Manager of the employee is Onat Alıcı
Name of the employee is Saniye Mahinur Özefe. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist, UK. Manager of the employee is Onat Alıcı
Name of the employee is Semanur Şahin. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist, Spain. Manager of the employee is Cantürk Sabaner
Name of the employee is Kıvanç Beşenk. Works is in Data department as Data Analyst II. Manager of the employee is Ömer Umut
Name of the employee is Efe Çalışkan. Works is in Data department as Data Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Hüseyin Yağız Yanıkoğlu
Name of the employee is Furkan Kerim Yıldırım. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - Algorithm. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Ethem Demirci
Name of the employee is Mustafa Çetin (scfsm). Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Franchise Stocks Manager. Manager of the employee is Cihan Karabıyık
Name of the employee is Sena Bayrak. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Services Specialist (Inventory Control). Manager of the employee is Mustafa Çetin (scfsm)
Name of the employee is Burkay Tecimen. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Özgür Mustafa Sucu
Name of the employee is Eren Özdemir. Works is in Operations department as GIS Specialist. Manager of the employee is Harun Fehmi Karadoru
Name of the employee is Mihraç Nar. Works is in Operations department as GIS Specialist. Manager of the employee is Zeynep Polat
Name of the employee is Buse Evren. Works is in Indirect Procurement department as Inventory Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is Anıl Egehan Algül
Name of the employee is Nitin Agarwal. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Shashank Junna Basanna
Name of the employee is Jyoti Sheoran. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Óscar Rubén Marín Alonso
Name of the employee is Solène Champeix. Works is in Marketing department as Brand Manager. Manager of the employee is Flavie Marie Elisabeth Mulot
Name of the employee is Willy Vee Lock Chan Fu Lun. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ozan Ciğerli
Name of the employee is Toni Cairns. Works is in People department as Head of People. Manager of the employee is Selin Barlın Aral
Name of the employee is David Parisii Aguirre. Works is in People department as Health & Safety Manager. Manager of the employee is Gemma Llerena Cabre
Name of the employee is Maria Guadalupe Facciotti Castaño. Works is in Insurance department as Insurance Claims Handler. Manager of the employee is Uğur Tahmaz
Name of the employee is Patricia Peman Berdejo. Works is in Supply Chain department as Quality Manager. Manager of the employee is Pasquale Nugnes
Name of the employee is Walter Milanesi. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Operations Associate. Manager of the employee is İsmail Enes Alkaya
Name of the employee is Henesy Kim Joy Carty. Works is in International Expansion department as Assistant Store Manager (NL). Manager of the employee is Callman Labe Orloff
Name of the employee is Jonathan Germany. Works is in Operations department as Assistant Manager. Manager of the employee is Yoann Perdrix
Name of the employee is Mehmet Emir Ceren. Works is in Marketing department as Designer & Content Manager. Manager of the employee is Benjamin John Hulme
Name of the employee is Marco Di Perna. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Specialist. Manager of the employee is Gabriele Nicora
Name of the employee is Didem Şinik Arıkan. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Corporate Communications Director. Manager of the employee is Tuncay Tütek
Name of the employee is Merve Atasever. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ozan Güngör
Name of the employee is Ahmet Akın Kök. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Python. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar
Name of the employee is Asena Teke. Works is in Data department as Data Analyst II. Manager of the employee is Eser Ercan Akın
Name of the employee is Onur Can Kaplan. Works is in Marketing department as Marketing Executive. Manager of the employee is Ayşegül Karaali Kurt
Name of the employee is Uğur Bekşen. Works is in Engineering department as IT Support Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Terzi
Name of the employee is Eray Kaya. Works is in Operations department as Manav İç Eğitmen. Manager of the employee is Furkan Kanbur
Name of the employee is Metehan Ergen. Works is in Operations department as GIS Specialist. Manager of the employee is Cansın Akbaş Sıtkı
Name of the employee is İlkay Aleyna Akpınar. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Didem Alpinanç
Name of the employee is Ahmet Onur Güzeş. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Social Media Specialist (USA). Manager of the employee is Mehmet Serhan Türkay
Name of the employee is Beste Çeltek. Works is in Engineering department as IT Support Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Terzi
Name of the employee is Deniz Turgay. Works is in Marketing department as Translator (Senior Level). Manager of the employee is Feridun Çağkan Yüksel
Name of the employee is Elif Türkmen. Works is in Marketing department as Motion Designer (Senior Level). Manager of the employee is Emre Çolak
Name of the employee is Erol Şimşek. Works is in Operations department as Operations Performance Director. Manager of the employee is Batuhan Gültakan
Name of the employee is Gökhan Uysal. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Şükrü Bezen
Name of the employee is Emine Tekin. Works is in Finance department as Accounting Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Şaban İşler
Name of the employee is Mustafa Terzi. Works is in Engineering department as Global IT Service Desk Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Taner Çeliker
Name of the employee is Oğulcan Yüksel. Works is in Commercial department as Marketing Analytics Specialist. Manager of the employee is Kadir Yılmaz
Name of the employee is Gökhan Şahin. Works is in Finance department as Sales Finance Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Ecehan Gürkan
Name of the employee is Uğur Şahin. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist, Italy. Manager of the employee is Cantürk Sabaner
Name of the employee is Eftal Yurtseven. Works is in Data department as Platform Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Hüseyin Yağız Yanıkoğlu
Name of the employee is Bekir Özmen. Works is in GetirFinance department as Information & Data Security Director. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Çamaş
Name of the employee is Emel Büyükyenigün. Works is in Finance department as Controlling Executive. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Tahir Yumukoğlu
Name of the employee is Özgecan Kılıç. Works is in Operations department as Operations Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is Çağlayan Ertürer
Name of the employee is Fatma Başyiğit. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Manager. Manager of the employee is Onur Aşık
Name of the employee is İrem Kol. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Can Berk Yekedüz
Name of the employee is Henri Charpentıer. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Lead. Manager of the employee is Robert Nicolas Musikas
Name of the employee is Marc Florent Czajezynski. Works is in People department as People Business Partner Manager. Manager of the employee is Alice Atkinson
Name of the employee is Cédric Perly. Works is in Operations department as Assistant Manager. Manager of the employee is Stéphane Savornin
Name of the employee is Foteini Papadopoulou. Works is in International Expansion department as Assistant Store Manager (NL). Manager of the employee is David Flett
Name of the employee is Wout Hooghiemstra. Works is in Franchise Development department as GSP Recruitment Manager. Manager of the employee is Antonino Munafò
Name of the employee is Cristina De Diego Tallon. Works is in Supply Chain department as Category Planner. Manager of the employee is Emma Darcy Arbisman
Name of the employee is Matteo Franco. Works is in Operations department as Fleet & Gear Manager. Manager of the employee is Antonino Munafò
Name of the employee is Zeynep Çağlar. Works is in People department as Talent Acquisition Specialist. Manager of the employee is Arzu Kılıç
Name of the employee is Hülyanur Akyol. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Executive. Manager of the employee is Merve Durmaz
Name of the employee is Zemzem Eylül Yücesoy. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Begüm Şimşek
Name of the employee is Ceren Uğursın. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Begüm Şimşek
Name of the employee is Shubham Gupta. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Wendell Oscar Tobin
Name of the employee is Muhammed Topaloğlu. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Bahtiyar Aydemir
Name of the employee is Yiğit Dursun Özcan. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Replenishment Planning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Erman Keskin
Name of the employee is Büşra Maşkaraoğlu. Works is in People department as Compensation & Benefits Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burak Göcen
Name of the employee is Esra Yavuz (lss). Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Services Specialist (Inventory Analytics). Manager of the employee is Deniz Yılmaz (iae)
Name of the employee is Zeynep Tuğba Çetin. Works is in Product department as Senior Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Gizem Kuzucu
Name of the employee is Uğur Gürkan Kaya. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Internal Audit Specialist. Manager of the employee is Mert Canol
Name of the employee is Yasemin Özçelik. Works is in Operations department as Global Operations Solutions & Algorithms Executive. Manager of the employee is Matteo Maria Artero
Name of the employee is Murat Karakurt. Works is in Operations department as Operations Manager. Manager of the employee is Doğuş Murat Domaç
Name of the employee is Elif Müge Baştopcu. Works is in Customer department as Customer Experience Executive. Manager of the employee is Duygu Öztürk
Name of the employee is İlkay Bayar. Works is in GetirFinance department as Project Manager. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Çamaş
Name of the employee is Ayşe Tuna. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Can Berk Yekedüz
Name of the employee is Kübra Özbaykuş Alaslan. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineer II - Android. Manager of the employee is Erdi Ay
Name of the employee is Jose Maria Perez Rodriguez - Cadarso. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Platform Engineer. Manager of the employee is Hüseyin Yağız Yanıkoğlu
Name of the employee is Madhavan Nagarajan. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Göktürk Gök
Name of the employee is Anıl Üye. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Cemre Dilan Şenli
Name of the employee is Egla Myrto. Works is in People department as Payroll Associate. Manager of the employee is Stefano Umberto Messina
Name of the employee is Marina Sannino. Works is in People department as Payroll Associate. Manager of the employee is Stefano Umberto Messina
Name of the employee is Maximilian Mod. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Hamza Iqbal
Name of the employee is Jigna Devang Patel. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Barış Eser
Name of the employee is Khalid Almaouı. Works is in Finance department as Accounting and Tax Associate. Manager of the employee is Rodrigo Ivan Sevilla Padilla
Name of the employee is Barış Yıldırım. Works is in Legal department as Senior Legal Counsel - Commercial. Manager of the employee is Alexander Steinbrecher
Name of the employee is Maximilian Meinhold. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Neighborhood Manager. Manager of the employee is Sven-joachim Irmer
Name of the employee is Diego Barillari. Works is in Engineering department as Workspace Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Seza Nevzat
Name of the employee is Sude Karadinç. Works is in Management department as Personal Assistant. Manager of the employee is Turancan Salur
Name of the employee is Ravi Shankar. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Ali Karzan
Name of the employee is Emre Yaylagül. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Nima Aboutaleby
Name of the employee is Gülten Ezgi Akıncan. Works is in Operations department as Content Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Kızıldağ
Name of the employee is Mehmet İkiz. Works is in Growth department as Growth Strategy Specialist. Manager of the employee is Doğa Mağden
Name of the employee is Nur Sena Kuyumcu. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Can Berk Yekedüz
Name of the employee is Melis Bostancı. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burak Yalçın Çam
Name of the employee is Nur Bahar Taşkan. Works is in People department as People Business Partner. Manager of the employee is Şilan Erkasap
Name of the employee is Hatice Durmuş. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist, UK. Manager of the employee is Onat Alıcı
Name of the employee is Gönül Özbek. Works is in Commercial department as Category Purchasing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nefise Mehveş Öktem
Name of the employee is Buminhan Reis. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist II. Manager of the employee is Gökçen Burcu Kalyoncu
Name of the employee is Utku Özer Coşkun. Works is in Growth department as Growth Executive. Manager of the employee is Seçil Bilgiç Keleşoğlu
Name of the employee is Cemil Avni Eskici. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Güven Şen
Name of the employee is Emrah Çetinkaya. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineer II - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Akın Onur Turan
Name of the employee is Muhammed Seyfullah Bahadıroğlu. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - GIS Developer. Manager of the employee is Erdem Uysal
Name of the employee is Emre Taşkıran. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Akif Erikci
Name of the employee is Hilal Yiğit. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Marketing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Egehan Cevatemre
Name of the employee is Göksu Uysal. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ozan Güngör
Name of the employee is Daniela Spinoglio. Works is in Health & Safety department as Health & Safety Manager. Manager of the employee is Milena Disanza
Name of the employee is Ion Junca. Works is in Operations department as Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Elio Miccolupi
Name of the employee is Jamil Rahman Ibrahimi. Works is in Operations department as Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Ivan Bredice
Name of the employee is Ali Keskin. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Kemal Burak Yöndem
Name of the employee is Gökberk Bilici. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Manager. Manager of the employee is Alper Ertürk
Name of the employee is Melis Gültunca. Works is in Product department as Senior Product Designer. Manager of the employee is Umut Can Yurtalan
Name of the employee is Öykü Ergün. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Özgür Mustafa Sucu
Name of the employee is Musa Ersen Yılmaz. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Digital Marketing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Melin Öztürk
Name of the employee is Halime Damla Harkın. Works is in GetirFinance department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Mertcan Yücel
Name of the employee is Pınar Yalçın. Works is in People department as Global People Systems Specialist. Manager of the employee is Gülce Kutlu
Name of the employee is Ayşe Gözdem Eroğul. Works is in Product department as Product Designer. Manager of the employee is Umut Can Yurtalan
Name of the employee is Yüksel Taşcı. Works is in Operations department as Field Audit Specialist. Manager of the employee is Reşat Öztürk
Name of the employee is Onur Türkölmez. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Murat Öztürk
Name of the employee is Sundas Malik Shahzad. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Aypar Yılmazkaya
Name of the employee is Ahmet Ali Karzan. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Someshwar Mukherjee
Name of the employee is Seda Başyiğit. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist, Italy. Manager of the employee is Cantürk Sabaner
Name of the employee is Melin Öztürk. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Head of Digital Marketing. Manager of the employee is Batuhan Gültakan
Name of the employee is Şeyma Sarıgil. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - GIS Developer. Manager of the employee is Erdem Uysal
Name of the employee is Ufuk Yıldırım. Works is in Customer department as Customer Experience Specialist. Manager of the employee is Elif Müge Baştopcu
Name of the employee is Abdelhak Jemaii. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Barış Eser
Name of the employee is Ozan Ciğerli. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Manager. Manager of the employee is Benjamin John Hulme
Name of the employee is Macarena Suarez. Works is in Product department as Product Lead. Manager of the employee is Hulusi Duru İlter
Name of the employee is Marty Ricardo San Blas Vega. Works is in Supply Chain department as Demand Planning Associate. Manager of the employee is İsmail Enes Alkaya
Name of the employee is Valentino Balletta. Works is in Finance department as Finance Analyst. Manager of the employee is Juan Manuel Alamo Roa
Name of the employee is Laura Manuela Colciago. Works is in Marketing department as Regional Social Media Strategy & Planning Manager. Manager of the employee is Steven Chick
Name of the employee is Claar Meerstadt. Works is in International Expansion department as Head of Government Relations (NL). Manager of the employee is Florian Brunsting
Name of the employee is Methilde Hedwige Martınon. Works is in Supply Chain department as Quality Associate. Manager of the employee is Kahina Admane
Name of the employee is Ali Moshfegh Arani. Works is in Operations department as Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Stefano Senna
Name of the employee is Luigi Cacciapuoti. Works is in Operations department as Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Andrea Macrino
Name of the employee is Manuel Savarese. Works is in Operations department as Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Andrea Macrino
Name of the employee is Stefano Giuliani. Works is in Operations department as Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Daniele Rocchi
Name of the employee is Stefano Sciarpelletti. Works is in Operations department as Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Marco Castelli Avolio
Name of the employee is Alessandro Troiani. Works is in Operations department as Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Stefano Senna
Name of the employee is Daniele Bianchi. Works is in Operations department as Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Luca Romeo
Name of the employee is Francesco Russo. Works is in Operations department as Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Luca Romeo
Name of the employee is Öykü Aygün. Works is in People department as People Business Partner. Manager of the employee is Nezihe Dilek Ergüz
Name of the employee is Cantürk Sabaner. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Executive. Manager of the employee is Sevecen Uğuz
Name of the employee is İrem Dinçer. Works is in Customer department as Customer Experience Specialist. Manager of the employee is Elif Müge Baştopcu
Name of the employee is Gülümser Günce Beyaz. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Özgür Mustafa Sucu
Name of the employee is Cláudio Cardoso De Almeida Júnior. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Ali Keskin
Name of the employee is Bakary Dibasey. Works is in Operations department as Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Sinatra Margherita
Name of the employee is Luca Castelli. Works is in Operations department as Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Gianluca Castelli Avolio
Name of the employee is Scotty Salerno. Works is in Operations department as Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Stefano Senna
Name of the employee is Sonja Amadio. Works is in Operations department as Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Marco Castelli Avolio
Name of the employee is Daniele Fogliani. Works is in Operations department as Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Gianluca Castelli Avolio
Name of the employee is Giorgio Bontoi. Works is in Operations department as Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Stefano Senna
Name of the employee is Zübeyr Ovacıklı. Works is in Growth department as Growth Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Görkem Ergül
Name of the employee is Deniz Dursun. Works is in Legal department as Senior Legal Counsel - Commercial. Manager of the employee is Alexander Steinbrecher
Name of the employee is Marit Friese. Works is in Marketing department as Community Manager. Manager of the employee is Benjamin John Hulme
Name of the employee is Ana Karen Reynoso. Works is in Finance department as Finance Working Student. Manager of the employee is Alexandra Beatriz Aldana Nunez
Name of the employee is Fanta Diabira. Works is in Operations department as Assistant Manager. Manager of the employee is Ahmed Berrabah
Name of the employee is Nassima Benmansour. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Younes Karim Zribi Ewald
Name of the employee is Igor Kadragic. Works is in Finance department as Head of Finance. Manager of the employee is Steven Hodgeman
Name of the employee is Santos Vernodie. Works is in Operations department as Picker Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Christian Di Terlizzi
Name of the employee is Zohra Namouss. Works is in Finance department as Accounting and Tax Manager. Manager of the employee is Noura Amhaoich
Name of the employee is Benjamin Konzag. Works is in Health & Safety department as Safety & Security Manager. Manager of the employee is Rui Fang
Name of the employee is Muhammad Farhan Abrar. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Serkan Yoğuran
Name of the employee is Mustafa Mabrook. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Platform. Manager of the employee is Erinç Erensoy
Name of the employee is Oleksandr Kryvoshapka. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Óscar Rubén Marín Alonso
Name of the employee is Pedro Gil Carvalho. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Hatice Evren
Name of the employee is Andrii Rozhko. Works is in Marketing department as Content Creator. Manager of the employee is Benjamin John Hulme
Name of the employee is Jordan Michael Ngan. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - FE - React. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Alkan
Name of the employee is Onur Torna. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar (gysem)
Name of the employee is Saranya Prakash. Works is in International Expansion department as Assistant Store Manager (NL). Manager of the employee is Hafize Cinar
Name of the employee is Serkan Yoğuran. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Muhammet Aziz Arslan
Name of the employee is Varol Mağden. Works is in Growth department as Automation Associate. Manager of the employee is Anthony Massaad
Name of the employee is Wendell Oscar Tobin. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Pedro Gil Carvalho
Name of the employee is Daniel Efrain Lucio Rosema. Works is in Health & Safety department as Rider Safety Manager. Manager of the employee is Ruan Jurgens Van Zyl
Name of the employee is Nima Aboutaleby. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Kemal Burak Yöndem
Name of the employee is Romy De Bruyn. Works is in Marketing department as Social Media Manager. Manager of the employee is Miranda Cornelia Adriana Van Houwelingen
Name of the employee is Óscar Rubén Marín Alonso. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Someshwar Mukherjee
Name of the employee is Raunak Nandan Singh. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Hamza Burak Yılmaz
Name of the employee is Selim Gurkan Saul. Works is in Indirect Procurement department as Indirect Procurement Associate. Manager of the employee is Maria Angeles Perez De Arenaza
Name of the employee is Francisco Moises Gallucci Vivas. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Sebastian Burt Fleitas
Name of the employee is Lei Nicolette Guerrero. Works is in Operations department as Picker Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Stefano Gesmundo
Name of the employee is Doğukan Gündüz. Works is in Finance department as Tax Executive. Manager of the employee is Elif Akkoç Mutlu
Name of the employee is Güray Gürsönmez. Works is in Operations department as Field Excellence Manager. Manager of the employee is Murat İlgin
Name of the employee is Anıl Yaman. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist, UK. Manager of the employee is Onat Alıcı
Name of the employee is Pınar Altuntaş. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Didem Alpinanç
Name of the employee is Merve Bozali. Works is in Operations department as Category Executive. Manager of the employee is Kaan Göksu
Name of the employee is Sibel Temirci. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Relations Executive. Manager of the employee is Fatih Nas
Name of the employee is Anılcan Cankat. Works is in Supply Chain department as Reverse Logistics Executive. Manager of the employee is Cihan Karabıyık
Name of the employee is Barbaros Talha Uçmaklı. Works is in Customer department as Head of CRM. Manager of the employee is Duygu Öztürk
Name of the employee is Baran Karaaslan. Works is in Data department as Platform Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Hüseyin Yağız Yanıkoğlu
Name of the employee is Uğur Kan. Works is in Customer department as UX Researcher. Manager of the employee is Özge Özer
Name of the employee is Ece Sulupınar. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Business Analyst II. Manager of the employee is Melih Sağıroğlu
Name of the employee is Onur Keskin. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Çamaş
Name of the employee is Syed Ehsan Ullah Shah. Works is in Legal department as Legal Manager. Manager of the employee is Zeynep Ahu Sazcı Uzun
Name of the employee is Türker Masır. Works is in Growth department as Growth Executive. Manager of the employee is Doğa Mağden
Name of the employee is Syed Muhammad Shamım Asghar. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Enrique Salazar Sebastiani
Name of the employee is Ahmet Sulukaya. Works is in Operations department as Operations Performance Specialist. Manager of the employee is Sait Alpar Saydağ
Name of the employee is Emek Aytan. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nurseli Kurtuluş
Name of the employee is Emre Harun Gök. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Mehmet İkbal Özmen
Name of the employee is Defne Küçükpilakçı. Works is in Operations department as Operational Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is Çağlayan Ertürer
Name of the employee is Jasmine Eve Ormrod. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Christian Louis Jacobs
Name of the employee is Berke Can Rizai. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Hasan Burak Yel
Name of the employee is Cansu Çeliktekin. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Internal Audit Specialist. Manager of the employee is Çağatay İlkutlu
Name of the employee is Enes Özeren. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist II. Manager of the employee is Müge Yalçınkaya
Name of the employee is Erdem Fırat Bozlak. Works is in Data department as Senior Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Müge Yalçınkaya
Name of the employee is Ferhat Katar. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist II. Manager of the employee is Necip Enes Gengeç
Name of the employee is Gamze Kaptan. Works is in GetirFinance department as Associate Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Çamaş
Name of the employee is İhsan Ekşioğlu. Works is in Finance department as Intercompany Finance Executive. Manager of the employee is Ufuk Kişi
Name of the employee is Selim Sarı. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Internal Audit Specialist. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Görkem Yılmazkarasu
Name of the employee is Nurhan Tuğçe Ertan. Works is in Supply Chain department as SC Business Analyst & Systems Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Erdemir
Name of the employee is Zeynep Avcı. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Designer. Manager of the employee is Müjgan Şahiner
Name of the employee is Mehmet Kağan Yalın. Works is in Data department as Data Analyst I. Manager of the employee is Hasan Burak Yel
Name of the employee is Cansu Aydın. Works is in Growth department as Growth Strategy Executive. Manager of the employee is Elif Gökçe Gürbüz
Name of the employee is Osman Burak Kazkılınç. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineer II - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Onur Keskin
Name of the employee is Caner Kaya. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Murat Öztürk
Name of the employee is Nihat Berk Özcan. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Engineer I - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Onur Keskin
Name of the employee is Ömrüm Sevim. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Business Analyst I. Manager of the employee is Melih Sağıroğlu
Name of the employee is Ali İhsan Eren. Works is in Growth department as Head of Growth. Manager of the employee is Batuhan Gültakan
Name of the employee is Didem Çetiner. Works is in Operations department as Marketplace Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Seren Tarakcı
Name of the employee is Zeynep Aslı Yavaşoğlu. Works is in Operations department as Catalog Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burak Ayaz
Name of the employee is Fatma İmren Tunç. Works is in Legal department as Senior Legal Counsel. Manager of the employee is Merve Çıkrıkçıoğlu Şirin
Name of the employee is Ezgi Yılmaz İskender. Works is in Marketing department as Category Executive. Manager of the employee is Kaan Akyiğit
Name of the employee is Amel Belhaddad. Works is in International Expansion department as Assistant Manager (FR). Manager of the employee is Aurélien Dudragne
Name of the employee is Amine Aidoud. Works is in Operations department as Store Assistant . Manager of the employee is Mehdi Bouabdellaoui
Name of the employee is Bakary Camara. Works is in Operations department as Assistant Manager. Manager of the employee is Ahmed Berrabah
Name of the employee is Martin Fourment. Works is in Commercial department as Buying Assistant. Manager of the employee is Neal Roger Yasar Atikol
Name of the employee is Carlos Alexandre Pereira Loura. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Óscar Rubén Marín Alonso
Name of the employee is Chantalle Van Goor. Works is in People department as People Services Manager. Manager of the employee is Toni Cairns
Name of the employee is Muhammad Azizol Bin Aminuddin. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Ergin Derya Küçükiravul
Name of the employee is María Del Carmen Rico Juan. Works is in Commercial department as Buying Associate. Manager of the employee is Ingrid Artiola
Name of the employee is Natasha Jasrotia. Works is in People department as Global Learning and Development Lead. Manager of the employee is Milena Scekic
Name of the employee is Madhankumar K. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Taner Çeliker
Name of the employee is Shubham Pandey. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Óscar Rubén Marín Alonso
Name of the employee is Pratik Jondhale. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Murat Cenk Batman
Name of the employee is Ogan Ozan Mülayimsi. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Replenishment Planning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Erman Keskin
Name of the employee is Ozan Çeltikçi. Works is in Product department as Associate Product Designer. Manager of the employee is Umut Can Yurtalan
Name of the employee is Çağla Özen. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Dorukhan Afacan
Name of the employee is Melih Sağıroğlu. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Çamaş
Name of the employee is Bernat Miquel Vives. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Goverment Relations Associate. Manager of the employee is Carolina Pérez
Name of the employee is Ilgın Üze. Works is in Marketing department as Motion Designer. Manager of the employee is Müjgan Şahiner
Name of the employee is Lara Fırıncıoğulları. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nurseli Kurtuluş
Name of the employee is Erkut Cevlan. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nurseli Kurtuluş
Name of the employee is Şeyda Karaurgan. Works is in People department as Talent Acquisition Specialist. Manager of the employee is Aslı Akkuş
Name of the employee is Zafer Yazar. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Tuğçe Kurtaran
Name of the employee is Zeynep Tulunoğlu. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Team Leader. Manager of the employee is Alper Tekin
Name of the employee is Meriç Nusret Yön. Works is in Sales department as Key Account Executive. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Külüşlü
Name of the employee is Mohana Venkat Naga Sayempu. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Full Stack. Manager of the employee is Murat Cenk Batman
Name of the employee is Airaf Ahmed. Works is in Operations department as Rider Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Erica Mariani
Name of the employee is Dilahan Nisa Manav. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nurseli Kurtuluş
Name of the employee is Cansel Dinç. Works is in Operations department as Operational Excellence Support Specialist, Spain. Manager of the employee is Cantürk Sabaner
Name of the employee is Sabiha Yılmaz. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Specialist. Manager of the employee is Fatih Bekir
Name of the employee is Selçuk Holep. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Shivam Arora
Name of the employee is Denizkaan Aracı. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Go. Manager of the employee is Can Sözeri
Name of the employee is Remziye Şahin. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Erdi Ay
Name of the employee is Caner Nazik. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Erkam Oral
Name of the employee is Dorukhan Afacan. Works is in Data department as Lead Data Scientist. Manager of the employee is Yiğit Çetinel
Name of the employee is Kerem Kör. Works is in Engineering department as Software Developer Intern. Manager of the employee is Bünyamin Akın
Name of the employee is Ebru Yılmaz. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist  II. Manager of the employee is Yiğit Erbaş
Name of the employee is Mehmet Zeki Sinan. Works is in Engineering department as IT Support Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Terzi
Name of the employee is Ali Kemal Çelenk. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Hüseyin Ergon
Name of the employee is Rıdvan Nuri Göçmen. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Emre Turan
Name of the employee is Tilbe Çelik. Works is in Marketing department as Brand Manager. Manager of the employee is Kaan Akyiğit
Name of the employee is Mehmet Gür. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Óscar Rubén Marín Alonso
Name of the employee is Tuğçe Eminler. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Erkam Oral
Name of the employee is Sedef Bayrak. Works is in Marketing department as GetirYemek Brand Executive. Manager of the employee is Efe Çapar
Name of the employee is Tuğçe Ebru Güler. Works is in Marketing department as Social Media Executive. Manager of the employee is Semranur Akbaş
Name of the employee is Neşe Bolut. Works is in Commercial department as Marketing Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Gülşah Yıldız
Name of the employee is Brahim Mohammed Ech-cherrate. Works is in Supply Chain department as 3PL Warehouse Associate. Manager of the employee is Maximilian Theilig
Name of the employee is Giordano Mettus. Works is in People department as Head of People. Manager of the employee is Selin Barlın Aral
Name of the employee is Léa Bourgeois. Works is in Commercial department as Merchandising Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nicolas-charles Edouard Pace
Name of the employee is Nesibe Özen Çinar. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Fulya Kayar Aksoyer
Name of the employee is Delphine Jegou Mazeaud. Works is in Commercial department as Category Buying Manager. Manager of the employee is Nicolas-charles Edouard Pace
Name of the employee is Gianluca Riccardi. Works is in International Expansion department as Assistant Store Manager (NL). Manager of the employee is David Flett
Name of the employee is Laura Osorio Gómez. Works is in Commercial department as Buying Manager. Manager of the employee is Tiago André Neves De Almeida Pereira
Name of the employee is Belén González Fernández. Works is in People department as Talent Acquisition Business Partner. Manager of the employee is Richard Edward Ranson
Name of the employee is Brij Mohan. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - .Net. Manager of the employee is Çağdaş Karademir
Name of the employee is Viraj Nandoskar. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Workspace Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Seza Nevzat
Name of the employee is Pelin Aktaş. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Planning Associate. Manager of the employee is Gabriela Andrade Baldini
Name of the employee is Antonio Di Martino. Works is in Operations department as Picker Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Manuel Procacci
Name of the employee is Emanuele Bergamini. Works is in Operations department as Rider Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Adriana Pomohaci
Name of the employee is Gian Marco Amato. Works is in Operations department as Rider Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Francesca Gala
Name of the employee is Lorenzo Traldi. Works is in Operations department as Picker Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Francesca Gala
Name of the employee is Marco Tarasco. Works is in Operations department as Picker Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Adriana Pomohaci
Name of the employee is Elif Akkoç Mutlu. Works is in Finance department as Tax & Compliance Manager. Manager of the employee is Fırat Sarıçimen
Name of the employee is Nazlıcan Lüle Ercan. Works is in People department as Global Learning & Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Mert Önen
Name of the employee is Çağla Avcı. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Muharrem Serhat Çulhalık
Name of the employee is Çağın Öztürk. Works is in Engineering department as Workspace Engineer I - Jira. Manager of the employee is Eckhart Josef Gerken
Name of the employee is Erol Kaftanoğlu. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Engineer I - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Çakır
Name of the employee is Kemal Koray Pekdemir. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Onur Keskin
Name of the employee is Nikolajs Gusevs. Works is in International Expansion department as Assistant Store Manager (NL). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Öykü Naz İlerlemek. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Designer. Manager of the employee is Nuray Güney Tunçer
Name of the employee is Melike Karamanlı İnce. Works is in Growth department as Growth Strategy Executive. Manager of the employee is Yasemin Peker
Name of the employee is Useyd Faysal Arıcan. Works is in Operations department as Marketplace Operations Intern. Manager of the employee is Aybüke Sümeyye Karaağaç
Name of the employee is Buse Uzunlar. Works is in Finance department as Accounting Specialist (DE). Manager of the employee is Mihaela Popinciuc
Name of the employee is Buse Ören. Works is in Finance department as Accounting Specialist (DE). Manager of the employee is Mihaela Popinciuc
Name of the employee is Emre Güler. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Internal Audit Specialist. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Görkem Yılmazkarasu
Name of the employee is Ahmet Yağız Güven. Works is in Finance department as Financial Planning & Analysis Executive. Manager of the employee is Fatih Çetin
Name of the employee is Mustafa Asil Akın. Works is in Sales department as Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is Vedat Bicerano
Name of the employee is Rabia Nur Özel. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Begüm Şimşek
Name of the employee is Alexandra Beatriz Aldana Nunez. Works is in Finance department as Operations Controlling Manager. Manager of the employee is Eduardo Castañeda Palestino
Name of the employee is Karim Dahroug. Works is in Operations department as Assistant Manager. Manager of the employee is Adama Demba Sy
Name of the employee is Nasreddine Ziyami. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Specialist. Manager of the employee is Patricia Soberanes Juarez
Name of the employee is Arie Simon Dijkhuizen. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Calvin Piening
Name of the employee is Dilara Oguz. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Hulusi Duru İlter
Name of the employee is Federico Massimo Mannella. Works is in Supply Chain department as Demand Planning Associate. Manager of the employee is İsmail Enes Alkaya
Name of the employee is Zeynep Aylin Ortanc. Works is in Marketing department as Transformation Intern. Manager of the employee is İlay Karateke
Name of the employee is Hieu Nguyen Trong. Works is in Operations department as Central Operations Lead. Manager of the employee is Carıot Tristan
Name of the employee is Candida Hilton. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Head of Corporate Communications. Manager of the employee is Didem Şinik Arıkan
Name of the employee is Eleonora Faltelli. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Quality Associate. Manager of the employee is Giorgia Antoniotti
Name of the employee is Christophe Marc Mathiesen. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Manager. Manager of the employee is Benjamin John Hulme
Name of the employee is Emre Havan. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Baran Kaan Sert
Name of the employee is Ergin Derya Küçükiravul. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Someshwar Mukherjee
Name of the employee is Fabrício Jean Silva. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Umut Sayar
Name of the employee is Cornelis De Zwart. Works is in People department as Payroll Associate. Manager of the employee is Michael Defares
Name of the employee is Sun Bin Kim. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer II - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Bedirhan Güven
Name of the employee is Kenza Echarrab. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Specialist. Manager of the employee is Justin Portier
Name of the employee is Ahmed Moncer. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Baran Kaan Sert
Name of the employee is Eckhart Josef Gerken. Works is in Engineering department as Head of IT Service Operations. Manager of the employee is Seza Nevzat
Name of the employee is Femke Jongsma. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Lead Workforce Strategy. Manager of the employee is Thomas Waldman
Name of the employee is Burcu Öztürk. Works is in Expansion department as Property & Facility Associate. Manager of the employee is Craig Simpson
Name of the employee is Ravisankar Chinnam. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Full Stack. Manager of the employee is Murat Cenk Batman
Name of the employee is Mehmet Pasha. Works is in Engineering department as IT Senior Support Engineer. Manager of the employee is Adem Ibrahim
Name of the employee is İrem Karataş. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ömer Orbay
Name of the employee is Ahmet Berke Gökmen. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Kemal Burak Yöndem
Name of the employee is Rifat Çağrı Ekin. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Hatice Evren
Name of the employee is Beren Yıldız. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Designer (Mid Level). Manager of the employee is Nuray Güney Tunçer
Name of the employee is Gözde Gör. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Designer (Senior Level). Manager of the employee is Müjgan Şahiner
Name of the employee is Hasan Can Karapınar. Works is in Data department as Senior Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Dorukhan Afacan
Name of the employee is Onur Yeşil. Works is in GetirFinance department as GetirFinans Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Ozan Barış Erdönmez
Name of the employee is Utku Kurtoğlu. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Hulusi Duru İlter
Name of the employee is Aylin Yağman. Works is in Operations department as Global Business Analysis & Process Development Manager. Manager of the employee is Nuray Ceylan
Name of the employee is Özlem Menteş. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Erman Keskin
Name of the employee is Ayçıl Ahıska. Works is in Operations department as Category Executive. Manager of the employee is Kaan Göksu
Name of the employee is Semih Kaan Ucaçelik. Works is in GetirFinance department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Melih Sağıroğlu
Name of the employee is Esat Akkaya. Works is in GetirFinance department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Erdi Ay
Name of the employee is Gökalp Murat Turgut. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Engineer II - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Çakır
Name of the employee is Gülay Gündoğdu. Works is in Growth department as Growth Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hazel Dilruba Akyüz
Name of the employee is Atahan Kara. Works is in GetirFinance department as Infrastructure Director. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Çamaş
Name of the employee is Berat Bayraktar. Works is in Finance department as MDM Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hikmet Özer
Name of the employee is Gizem Ayberk. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Travel & Administrative Affairs Specialist. Manager of the employee is Zafer Atilla Dalgıç
Name of the employee is Songül Uzuner. Works is in Product department as Senior Product Designer. Manager of the employee is Umut Can Yurtalan
Name of the employee is Hayri Can Aral. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Erdi Ay
Name of the employee is Egor Sergeevich Plotnikov. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is İpek Saray
Name of the employee is Deniz Kaan Tarakçı. Works is in GetirFinance department as GetirFinans Senior Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Çamaş
Name of the employee is Hakan Karabulut. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - .Net. Manager of the employee is Rifat Çağrı Ekin
Name of the employee is İrem Yılmaz. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Business Analyst I. Manager of the employee is Onur Keskin
Name of the employee is Tuğba Ekin. Works is in GetirFinance department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Onur Keskin
Name of the employee is Erkan Soyupak. Works is in GetirFinance department as Head of UI / UX. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Yiğit Çağlayan
Name of the employee is Edoardo Riva. Works is in Health & Safety department as Rider Safety Manager. Manager of the employee is Milena Disanza
Name of the employee is Giuseppe Mansueto. Works is in Supply Chain department as Demand & Planning Associate. Manager of the employee is Paola Barbarano
Name of the employee is Marco Fabbian. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Quality Associate. Manager of the employee is Giorgia Antoniotti
Name of the employee is Paola Barbarano. Works is in Supply Chain department as Demand & Planning Manager. Manager of the employee is Bahadır Eden
Name of the employee is David Cordero Mendoza. Works is in Commercial department as Head of Buying. Manager of the employee is Hunab Moreno Casillas
Name of the employee is Laura Kathryn Smyllie. Works is in Marketing department as Assistant Brand Manager. Manager of the employee is Harriet Lowe
Name of the employee is Halit Can Hasbolat. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Ali Keskin
Name of the employee is Sara Rodas Silva. Works is in Marketing department as Regional Media Manager. Manager of the employee is Nicholas Alexander Casby
Name of the employee is Damir Kamenjasevic. Works is in Indirect Procurement department as Indirect Procurement Associate. Manager of the employee is Rui Fang
Name of the employee is Merve Güleroğlu. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Özgür Mustafa Sucu
Name of the employee is Alperen Adatepe. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - Algorithm. Manager of the employee is Serhat Giydiren
Name of the employee is Mustafa Ekrem Erakın. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Hasan Burak Yel
Name of the employee is Melis Güzen. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Business Analyst I. Manager of the employee is Onur Keskin
Name of the employee is Daniel Glusman. Works is in Transformation department as Head of Performance and Transformation. Manager of the employee is Cafer Sadık Gençoğlan
Name of the employee is Lauren Emily Purcell. Works is in Marketing department as Regional Marcomms Manager. Manager of the employee is Steven Chick
Name of the employee is Steven Chick. Works is in Marketing department as Regional Marcomms Lead. Manager of the employee is Nicholas Alexander Casby
Name of the employee is Mathieu Colombani. Works is in Expansion department as Franchise Working Student. Manager of the employee is Nadège Wendling
Name of the employee is Raphaël Kersale. Works is in Commercial department as Buying Associate. Manager of the employee is Marion Cabanel
Name of the employee is Alessandro Orso Bonetti. Works is in Operations department as Rider Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Laura Piras
Name of the employee is Haydar Umut Kamış. Works is in Operations department as Catalog Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burak Ayaz
Name of the employee is Ayşe İrem Kaptan. Works is in Finance department as International Treasury Intern. Manager of the employee is Volkan Kavasoğlu
Name of the employee is Berke Tugay Arslan. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Mehmet İkbal Özmen
Name of the employee is Mahmut Görkem Akçay. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - Algorithm. Manager of the employee is Barış Nişancı
Name of the employee is Kenan Karakullukçu. Works is in Engineering department as IT Support Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Terzi
Name of the employee is Deniz Gizem Tunca Çeşmebaşı. Works is in Customer department as Knowledge & Insights Executive. Manager of the employee is İpek Biçaço
Name of the employee is Ceren Örskaya. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Erdoğan Çetintuna
Name of the employee is Francisco Meirelles. Works is in Commercial department as Junior Category Buyer. Manager of the employee is Hamid Khorramdel
Name of the employee is Nuray Cakirli Akyüz. Works is in Supply Chain department as Food Safety & Quality Manager. Manager of the employee is Rui Fang
Name of the employee is Sandra Catharina Boerman. Works is in People department as People Services Administrator. Manager of the employee is Chantalle Van Goor
Name of the employee is Carlos Andres Castro Oliveros. Works is in Health & Safety department as Rider Safety Lead. Manager of the employee is Carla Carvajal Balletbo
Name of the employee is Diego Ezequiel Rodriguez Niceta. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Gopalakrishnan Raghunathan
Name of the employee is İdil Kapıkıran. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Müge Yalçınkaya
Name of the employee is Ali Şamil Özen. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Onur Keskin
Name of the employee is Sara Alexandra Pereira De Castro Seixas. Works is in International Expansion department as Shift Lead (PT). Manager of the employee is Raquel Cardoso Ortiga
Name of the employee is Aline Ferraro Seffrin Saporito. Works is in International Expansion department as Shift Lead (PT). Manager of the employee is Pedro Miguel De Almeida Gonçalves
Name of the employee is Ceren Sayman Yalova. Works is in GetirFinance department as GetirFinans Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Ozan Barış Erdönmez
Name of the employee is Adem Ibrahim. Works is in Engineering department as Global IT Service Desk Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Taner Çeliker
Name of the employee is Furkan Tarık Göçmen. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - Algorithm. Manager of the employee is Barış Nişancı
Name of the employee is Enrique Nazareno Marcos Huaypuna. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Ali Karzan
Name of the employee is Eugene Igbaifua. Works is in Engineering department as IT Support Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Adem Ibrahim
Name of the employee is Melihcan Aksoy. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Android. Manager of the employee is Berk Ekim Paşmakoğlu
Name of the employee is Nigel De Mie. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer II - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Gopalakrishnan Raghunathan
Name of the employee is Panagiotis Georgios Zisis. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II  - BE -  Node.js. Manager of the employee is Seda Yalçın
Name of the employee is Patrick Daniel Mes. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Workforce Acquisition Manager. Manager of the employee is Anthony Massaad
Name of the employee is Marius Johannes Pölling. Works is in Commercial department as Senior Category Buyer. Manager of the employee is Benjamin John Hulme
Name of the employee is Esra Nur Özüm. Works is in Data department as Data Science Intern. Manager of the employee is Cemre Dilan Şenli
Name of the employee is Olivya Akgül. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Designer (Senior Level). Manager of the employee is Müjgan Şahiner
Name of the employee is Kağan Taşkın. Works is in People department as Talent Acquisition Executive. Manager of the employee is Sezer Çilem Akay
Name of the employee is Fadime Birbir. Works is in Health & Safety department as Safety & Training Specialist. Manager of the employee is Numan Bilgin
Name of the employee is Sernaz İrem Nazlıoğlu. Works is in Growth department as Growth Executive. Manager of the employee is Elif Burçin Amet
Name of the employee is Sandro Slijepcevic. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as GR & Neighbourhood Manager. Manager of the employee is Rogier Adriaan Van Keulen
Name of the employee is Dana Boyaciyan. Works is in People department as People Services Administrator. Manager of the employee is Chantalle Van Goor
Name of the employee is Yildirimhan Atcioglu. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I  - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar (gysem)
Name of the employee is Sanskar Gupta. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Ali Karzan
Name of the employee is Arda Kılıçdağı. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Ali Karzan
Name of the employee is Hilal Gizem Erbek. Works is in GetirFinance department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Çakır
Name of the employee is Jonathan Lessem. Works is in Commercial department as Buying Lead. Manager of the employee is Neil Franklin
Name of the employee is Davide Tronzano. Works is in Management department as General Manager. Manager of the employee is Osman Berker Yağcı
Name of the employee is Yaaseen Ali. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Loss Prevention Manager. Manager of the employee is Mahmut Turan
Name of the employee is Hannah Dolfi. Works is in Finance department as Controlling Lead. Manager of the employee is Rodrigo Ivan Sevilla Padilla
Name of the employee is Okan Gülder. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Atahan Kara
Name of the employee is Gabriele Nicora. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Lead. Manager of the employee is Pasquale Nugnes
Name of the employee is Emre Turan. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Director. Manager of the employee is Hatice Evren
Name of the employee is Ahmet Başar Ertürk. Works is in Data department as Data Science Intern. Manager of the employee is Necip Enes Gengeç
Name of the employee is Mert Cüneyt May. Works is in Marketing department as Motion Designer. Manager of the employee is Nuray Güney Tunçer
Name of the employee is Sarp Özaydın. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Digital Marketing Executive. Manager of the employee is Bartu Berat Sarıgül
Name of the employee is Ata Berk Aran. Works is in Marketing department as Digital Marketing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Aimee Fitzpatrick
Name of the employee is Ross David Buller. Works is in Legal department as Paralegal. Manager of the employee is Sana Warraich
Name of the employee is Berkay Kürşad Demir. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Office Support Staff. Manager of the employee is Atanur Küçük
Name of the employee is Selçuk Binici. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Administrative Affairs Specialist. Manager of the employee is Gizem Ayberk
Name of the employee is Jesús Alfredo Torres Osuna. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Alex Vila Romero
Name of the employee is Umut İsmet Erdolu. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Onur Keskin
Name of the employee is Sefa Can Acar. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Atahan Kara
Name of the employee is Myriem Sebti. Works is in Expansion department as Franchise Development Associate. Manager of the employee is Nadège Wendling
Name of the employee is Ibrahim Koteish. Works is in Engineering department as Staff Engineer I - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Someshwar Mukherjee
Name of the employee is Yağmur Budak. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Intern. Manager of the employee is Didem Alpinanç
Name of the employee is Dominick Francis Moxon-tritsch. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as VP of Public Policy - Europe. Manager of the employee is Turancan Salur
Name of the employee is Çağatay İlkutlu. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Internal Audit Manager. Manager of the employee is Cem Çamlıdere
Name of the employee is Robert Nicolas Musikas. Works is in Management department as General Manager. Manager of the employee is Osman Berker Yağcı
Name of the employee is Kadir Osman Üst. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - FE - React. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Hızlıoğlu
Name of the employee is Günkut Gültekin. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Intern - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Emre Sebat
Name of the employee is Rıfat Kutay Özcan. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Doğukan Ocak
Name of the employee is Tunahan Danış. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Umut Sayar
Name of the employee is Yunus Gündüz. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Office Support Staff. Manager of the employee is Halit Öztürk
Name of the employee is Miray Akkıray Akcan. Works is in Finance department as GetirAraç Controlling Manager. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Tahir Yumukoğlu
Name of the employee is Abderrahmane Kaci Aissa. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II Backend Developer. Manager of the employee is Ali Keskin
Name of the employee is Mustafa Fındık. Works is in Engineering department as Software Support Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Sezer Bağlan
Name of the employee is İrem Sude Yiğit. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Intern. Manager of the employee is Aylin Ulusoy
Name of the employee is Seda Ersoy. Works is in GetirFinance department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Melih Sağıroğlu
Name of the employee is Dan Huisman. Works is in International Expansion department as Assistant Store Manager (NL). Manager of the employee is Hafize Cinar
Name of the employee is Rachid Younesse Kharchouni. Works is in Operations department as Assistant Manager. Manager of the employee is Grégory Frédéric Mortelec
Name of the employee is Barış Eser. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Go. Manager of the employee is Seda Yalçın
Name of the employee is Dicle Temiz. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Digital Marketing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Önay
Name of the employee is Melis Sabahat Atabay. Works is in People department as Talent Acquisition Specialist. Manager of the employee is Aslı Akkuş
Name of the employee is Begüm Demirci. Works is in Finance department as Finance Intern (NL). Manager of the employee is Hans Adriaan Jan Joost Ouwendijk
Name of the employee is Oliver James Clifford. Works is in Marketing department as Copywriter. Manager of the employee is Harriet Lowe
Name of the employee is Ezgi Uysal Kürhan. Works is in Product department as Senior Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Bahadır Ersin
Name of the employee is Mehdi Benromdhane. Works is in Operations department as Store  Manager. Manager of the employee is Grégory Frédéric Mortelec
Name of the employee is Yunus Emre Yücel. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Hakan Kal
Name of the employee is Batuhan Göktaş. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Çakır
Name of the employee is Oğuzhan Kayansalçik. Works is in Finance department as Sales Finance Executive. Manager of the employee is Damla Işılay
Name of the employee is Furkan Enes Karakuş. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Services Specialist (Inventory Control). Manager of the employee is Mustafa Çetin (scfsm)
Name of the employee is İrem Akçakara Açar. Works is in Finance department as Treasury Executive. Manager of the employee is Sinem Tüysüzoğlu Şenel
Name of the employee is Nikam Khazraei. Works is in Operations department as Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Laura Piras
Name of the employee is Baris Ozman. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Lead. Manager of the employee is Alexander Streefkerk
Name of the employee is Yacine Dabbabi. Works is in Finance department as Finance Working Student. Manager of the employee is Noura Amhaoich
Name of the employee is Seydou Djourte. Works is in Finance department as Finance Working Student. Manager of the employee is Noura Amhaoich
Name of the employee is Gerardo Longobardi. Works is in International Expansion department as Operations Support Specialist, Fleet (NL). Manager of the employee is Matteo Franco
Name of the employee is Mert Tümer. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Go. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar
Name of the employee is Mustafa Can Ürgüplüoğlu. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar
Name of the employee is Ahmet Babacan. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineer II - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Onur Keskin
Name of the employee is Burak Durak. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Engineer I - System. Manager of the employee is Sefa Can Acar
Name of the employee is Çağlar Cebeci. Works is in Product department as Product Designer. Manager of the employee is Umut Can Yurtalan
Name of the employee is Aziz Güleryüz. Works is in Health & Safety department as Safety Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is Numan Bilgin
Name of the employee is Yusuf Samed Arık. Works is in Operations department as After Sales Operations Executive. Manager of the employee is Murat İnce
Name of the employee is Ali Fetvacı. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Erdi Ay
Name of the employee is Alessia Di Mauro. Works is in Legal department as Legal Counsel. Manager of the employee is Milena Disanza
Name of the employee is Guifré Ballester Basols. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Hulusi Duru İlter
Name of the employee is Ahmet Mert Pulçu. Works is in Operations department as Global Operations Solutions & Algorithms Specialist. Manager of the employee is Matteo Maria Artero
Name of the employee is Doruk Çoban. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineer II - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Onur Keskin
Name of the employee is Hassan Mushtaq. Works is in Operations department as Rider Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Daniela Laconca
Name of the employee is Fernando Luis Barrio Marceliano. Works is in People department as Employee Relations Lead. Manager of the employee is Gemma Llerena Cabre
Name of the employee is Gianmarco Mastromatteo. Works is in International Expansion department as Assistant Store Manager (NL). Manager of the employee is Abdelhak Aqatbouz
Name of the employee is Nur Meltem Ersöz. Works is in Marketing department as Marketing Vice President. Manager of the employee is Tuncay Tütek
Name of the employee is Sofiane Saidani. Works is in Health & Safety department as Référent Magasins. Manager of the employee is Davenas Jerôme
Name of the employee is Johann Tchissambou. Works is in Health & Safety department as Référent Magasins. Manager of the employee is Davenas Jerôme
Name of the employee is Ömer Faruk Erikçioğlu. Works is in Marketing department as Content Executive. Manager of the employee is Yasin Çatılı
Name of the employee is Egehan Kamitoğlu. Works is in GetirFinance department as GetirFinance Executive. Manager of the employee is Canan Nakipoğlu
Name of the employee is Daniel Reina Treviño. Works is in People department as Payroll Associate. Manager of the employee is Pablo Barcones Infante
Name of the employee is Semin Çintan Eray. Works is in GetirFinance department as GetirFinans Process Design Executive. Manager of the employee is Reşat Doğanay
Name of the employee is Oumou Sow Gassama. Works is in International Expansion department as Store Manager (FR). Manager of the employee is Sebiane Djamel
Name of the employee is Ayhan Ünal. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineer I - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Melih Sağıroğlu
Name of the employee is Cansu Parlak. Works is in Engineering department as Software Support Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Sezer Bağlan
Name of the employee is Luis Fernando Guayas Moncada. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Yolanda Morón Ortín
Name of the employee is Martha Alexandra Guayas Moncada. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Yolanda Morón Ortín
Name of the employee is Gonca Ertürk. Works is in Finance department as Head of Supply Chain Finance. Manager of the employee is Aybars Aksoy
Name of the employee is Anıl Karagöz. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Workspace Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Eckhart Josef Gerken
Name of the employee is Emre Metilli. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineer I - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Melih Sağıroğlu
Name of the employee is Hakan Özcan. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Emre Sebat
Name of the employee is Murat Ogün Yıldız. Works is in Indirect Procurement department as GetirAraç Procurement Specialist. Manager of the employee is Sena Kayın İşcan
Name of the employee is Esra Tekin. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Emre Erkek
Name of the employee is Bihter Yasemin Ferchichi Heiss. Works is in People department as Compliance Working Student. Manager of the employee is Alara Arıkan
Name of the employee is Esra Barbaros. Works is in Data department as Data Analyst II. Manager of the employee is Hasan Burak Yel
Name of the employee is Fernando Argente Escartin. Works is in Operations department as Area Manager. Manager of the employee is Marc Dos Santos-vaquinhas Blanco
Name of the employee is Eyüp Yiğit Dilber. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Eren Yıldırım
Name of the employee is Ekin Bakar. Works is in Finance department as Erp Transformation Project Executive. Manager of the employee is İlknur Sibel Poyraz Sarı
Name of the employee is Furkan Demir. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Ali Keskin
Name of the employee is Angie Hernandez Ramirez. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Specialist. Manager of the employee is Matias Viggiano Folena
Name of the employee is Emily Elizabeth Agace. Works is in Legal department as Trainee Solicitor (England and Wales). Manager of the employee is Annabel Camilla Strutt
Name of the employee is Cemile Ceren Bektaş. Works is in Product department as Associate Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Gizem Kuzucu
Name of the employee is Osman Utku Alavanda. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Ufuk Çatalca
Name of the employee is Steven Emmanuel Samuel. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Recruiter (DE). Manager of the employee is Yasser Darwish
Name of the employee is Taraka Sai Phani Avirineni. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Recruiter (DE). Manager of the employee is Yasser Darwish
Name of the employee is Feyzanur Karakurt. Works is in People department as People Department Intern. Manager of the employee is Alp Hamidoğlu
Name of the employee is Şevval Meltem Tuvanç. Works is in Marketing department as Social Media Content Executive. Manager of the employee is Cemre Tanyel
Name of the employee is Mustafa Kurtoğlu. Works is in Data department as Data Analyst I. Manager of the employee is Ceren Tabakoğlu
Name of the employee is Begüm Ecem Güneş. Works is in Sales department as Sales Specialist. Manager of the employee is Can Berk Şen
Name of the employee is Hakan Kurt. Works is in Engineering department as Senior  Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Hürkan Akbıyık
Name of the employee is Muhammed Emir Küçükosman. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Aypar Yılmazkaya
Name of the employee is Mert Gölcü. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Özgür Mustafa Sucu
Name of the employee is Rabia Ezgi Kurt. Works is in Sales department as Sales Specialist. Manager of the employee is Can Berk Şen
Name of the employee is Ali Parçal. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Emin İmirhan
Name of the employee is İrem Başyurt. Works is in Sales department as Sales Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tuğçe Kurtaran
Name of the employee is Andrés Martínez Baíz. Works is in Finance department as Finance Specialist. Manager of the employee is Juan Manuel Alamo Roa
Name of the employee is Riku Khan. Works is in Health & Safety department as Rider Safety Assessor (USA). Manager of the employee is Jody Warner
Name of the employee is Nazlı Kara. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Can Berk Şen
Name of the employee is Ömer Şahin Hürkan. Works is in Sales department as Sales Specialist. Manager of the employee is Sefa Kaya
Name of the employee is Kaan Bayram. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Ali Keskin
Name of the employee is Turhan Sel. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Eniz Gülek
Name of the employee is Selin Sevinç. Works is in Product department as Associate Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Ulukan Keskik
Name of the employee is Kerim Ömer Şekerci. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Digital Marketing Analyst. Manager of the employee is Melin Öztürk
Name of the employee is Rahmi Cemre Ünal. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Barış Eser
Name of the employee is Duygu Taşkın. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Executive. Manager of the employee is Merve Durmaz
Name of the employee is Buse Tuğyan Döver. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Replenishment Planning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Erman Keskin
Name of the employee is Selin Tombul. Works is in People department as People Department Intern. Manager of the employee is Nevin Mazmanoğlu Cengiz
Name of the employee is Tufan Er. Works is in Engineering department as Software Support Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Sezer Bağlan
Name of the employee is Melle Carel Baron Van Asbeck. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Yasin Özer
Name of the employee is Saima Ashraf. Works is in People department as ER Advisor. Manager of the employee is Visudha Bathia
Name of the employee is Ana Isadora De Menezes Borges. Works is in People department as Health & Safety Technician Associate. Manager of the employee is David Parisii Aguirre
Name of the employee is Alaaalyabdelfattah Ahamed. Works is in Operations department as Recruiter (DE). Manager of the employee is Yasser Darwish
Name of the employee is Michael Anderson Jr. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Lacai Fouche
Name of the employee is Özgür Gürcan. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Ali Keskin
Name of the employee is Çağatay Sert. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Serkan Yoğuran
Name of the employee is Daniel Corona Flores. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Michael Adams
Name of the employee is Cihan İçelliler. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - Full Stack. Manager of the employee is Nurettin Topal
Name of the employee is Işık Demiröz. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Alkan
Name of the employee is Gizem Batmacı. Works is in Data department as Data Analyst I. Manager of the employee is Birsen Genelioğlu Çetinkaya
Name of the employee is Fırat Doğan. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Umut Sayar
Name of the employee is Alara Kalkavan. Works is in Marketing department as Brand Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Çiner
Name of the employee is Batuhan Batur. Works is in Finance department as Accounts Payable Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hans Adriaan Jan Joost Ouwendijk
Name of the employee is Ahmet Baturhan Kaval. Works is in Commercial department as Category Purchasing Executive. Manager of the employee is Kemal Özgür Yücel
Name of the employee is Öykü Şeyda Arslanoğlu. Works is in Finance department as Change Manager. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Güneş
Name of the employee is Şevval Birlik. Works is in Sales department as Sales Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tuğçe Kurtaran
Name of the employee is Aslı Karalı. Works is in Sales department as Sales Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tuğçe Kurtaran
Name of the employee is Erick Javier Güell Machado. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Victor Canfranc Soriano
Name of the employee is Julio César Reyes Hernández. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Carlos Pena Bujan
Name of the employee is Xavier Benimeli Medrano. Works is in People department as Employee Relations Associate. Manager of the employee is Fernando Luis Barrio Marceliano
Name of the employee is Sinan Tolga Haci Torun. Works is in Engineering department as IT Support Engineer. Manager of the employee is Adem Ibrahim
Name of the employee is Mouayad Bawabiji. Works is in International Expansion department as Assistant Store Manager (NL). Manager of the employee is Josin Joy
Name of the employee is Chinmaya Prakash Shastry. Works is in Operations department as Recruiter (DE). Manager of the employee is Yasser Darwish
Name of the employee is Kevin Kurien. Works is in Operations department as Recruiter (DE). Manager of the employee is Yasser Darwish
Name of the employee is Nandagopan Mangattil Narayanan. Works is in Operations department as Recruiter (DE). Manager of the employee is Levent Isli
Name of the employee is Riddhi Rameshbhai Dhameliya. Works is in Operations department as Recruiter (DE). Manager of the employee is Batı Kaan Çanakçımaksutoğlu
Name of the employee is Ece Çakır. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Digital Marketing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Bartu Berat Sarıgül
Name of the employee is Elif Serra Sert. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Digital Marketing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Önay
Name of the employee is Demont Q Evans Sr. Works is in Health & Safety department as Rider Safety Assessor, IL (USA). Manager of the employee is Jody Warner
Name of the employee is Ilhame Bounoua. Works is in Marketing department as Social Media Specialist. Manager of the employee is Flavie Marie Elisabeth Mulot
Name of the employee is Andrea Melinda Vécsei. Works is in People department as People Services Administrator. Manager of the employee is Chantalle Van Goor
Name of the employee is Andreea Maxim. Works is in Health & Safety department as Health and Safety Associate. Manager of the employee is Carlos Platas
Name of the employee is Konstantinoff Jeanne-marie. Works is in People department as Payroll Manager. Manager of the employee is Alice Atkinson
Name of the employee is Mehmet Selçuk Candan. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Ali Karzan
Name of the employee is Ulaş Kavuncuoğlu. Works is in Product department as Product Designer. Manager of the employee is Umut Can Yurtalan
Name of the employee is Burak Umut Delier. Works is in Marketing department as Brand Intern. Manager of the employee is Yasemin Yaylagül
Name of the employee is Yağmur Dingeç. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Digital Marketing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Bartu Berat Sarıgül
Name of the employee is Hazem Alabiad. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Shivam Arora
Name of the employee is Tuğçe Kıvılcım. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Nima Aboutaleby
Name of the employee is Uğur Taşkın. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Çağlar Sinan Bulak
Name of the employee is Sevil Albayrak. Works is in Finance department as General Accounting Executive. Manager of the employee is Ufuk Kişi
Name of the employee is Simge Salman. Works is in Finance department as Accounting Specialist. Manager of the employee is İrem Çınar
Name of the employee is Murat Aydoğan. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Engineer II - Cyber Security. Manager of the employee is Bekir Özmen
Name of the employee is Deniz Hazal Öztürk. Works is in Legal department as Legal Counsel, Competition. Manager of the employee is Sinem Gaye Aşkın
Name of the employee is Erdi Sürücü. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Replenishment Planning Executive. Manager of the employee is Erman Keskin
Name of the employee is Hikmet Özer. Works is in Finance department as Head of Master Data Management. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Güneş
Name of the employee is Hilal Ece Gündoğan. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Durmaz
Name of the employee is Anıl Can. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Shivam Arora
Name of the employee is Hülya İlgün. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Administrative Affairs Specialist. Manager of the employee is Meryem Erdinç
Name of the employee is Utku Özşen. Works is in Operations department as Operational Efficiency Specialist. Manager of the employee is Tuğçe Buyruk
Name of the employee is Behcet Safa Erkal. Works is in Marketing department as Brand Specialist. Manager of the employee is Sedef Bayrak
Name of the employee is Neslihan Sancaktar. Works is in Engineering department as Software Support Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Sezer Bağlan
Name of the employee is Amanuel Shishay. Works is in International Expansion department as Store Shift Lead (NL). Manager of the employee is Kai Wah Lee
Name of the employee is Maria Gracia Yanez. Works is in People department as People Working Student. Manager of the employee is Ralf Jegel
Name of the employee is Eren Emre Korkmaz. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Ergin Derya Küçükiravul
Name of the employee is Akif Önder Külünk. Works is in Supply Chain department as Quality Specialist. Manager of the employee is Melik Şeyhoğlu
Name of the employee is Berkay Dalançıkar. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Ali Karzan
Name of the employee is Mehmet Timur. Works is in People department as People Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Salih Menteş
Name of the employee is Dılşa Elif Bulut. Works is in Marketing department as Brand Intern. Manager of the employee is Sedef Bayrak
Name of the employee is Jml Suspension Test. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Efe Gülseren. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Abdullah Akyüz
Name of the employee is Emre Avcı. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Abdullah Akyüz
Name of the employee is Eren Yetik. Works is in Marketing department as Partnership Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ege Erinç
Name of the employee is Sefa Basnak. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Abdullah Akyüz
Name of the employee is Ruan Jurgens Van Zyl. Works is in Expansion department as Health, Safety & Audit Manager. Manager of the employee is Antonino Munafò
Name of the employee is Lucas Ong. Works is in International Expansion department as Workforce Operations Specialist (NL). Manager of the employee is Patrick Daniel Mes
Name of the employee is Berta Llobet Candales. Works is in Marketing department as Content Creator Specialist. Manager of the employee is Patricio Tomás Veloso Zapata
Name of the employee is Paula Macarrón Juárez. Works is in International Expansion department as Store Shift Lead (NL). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Rajeshwari Srinivasalu. Works is in People department as People Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nezihe Dilek Ergüz
Name of the employee is Tuğçe Şen. Works is in People department as People Department Intern. Manager of the employee is Esin Çeşme
Name of the employee is Ceren Güneş. Works is in Operations department as Business & Operations Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Neslihan Özçil Örkiz
Name of the employee is Burak Aktaş. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Doğuşcan Akpınar
Name of the employee is Satuk Buğra Üçkuş. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Ali Karzan
Name of the employee is Faruk Arslan. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Kağan Küçük
Name of the employee is Burcu Şayli Öge. Works is in Product department as Head of Product. Manager of the employee is Melis Kayhan
Name of the employee is Onat Arzoğlu. Works is in Product department as Associate Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Zeynep Tuğba Çetin
Name of the employee is Emrah Karaüzüm. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controller. Manager of the employee is Abdullah Akyüz
Name of the employee is Berke Karaboğa. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Digital Marketing Specialist. Manager of the employee is İlhan Can Evrensel
Name of the employee is Muhammet Güngör. Works is in Legal department as Legal Manager. Manager of the employee is Hatice Senem Uysal
Name of the employee is Tamer Uzun. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar (gysem)
Name of the employee is Emre Uzel. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist I. Manager of the employee is Mehmet İkbal Özmen
Name of the employee is Ali Kemal Sağlam. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Ali Keskin
Name of the employee is Ot Valero İ Solé. Works is in Performance department as Performance Intern. Manager of the employee is Nicolas Rein Retana
Name of the employee is Scarlet Dayana Acosta Rodríguez. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Ana Maria Forero
Name of the employee is Dilara Gül. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is İpek Saray
Name of the employee is Burak Gülaçtı. Works is in Customer department as Customer Experience Intern. Manager of the employee is Elif Müge Baştopcu
Name of the employee is Muharrem Oğuz Sancı. Works is in GetirFinance department as Digital Marketing Manager. Manager of the employee is Gonca Yılmaz Demirağ
Name of the employee is Craig Simpson. Works is in Expansion department as Construction Manager. Manager of the employee is Jose Luis Lobato Vargas
Name of the employee is Wassim Laouani. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Hieu Nguyen Trong
Name of the employee is Fatih Özcan. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Engineer I - Android. Manager of the employee is Melih Sağıroğlu
Name of the employee is Muhammed Recep Çaylak. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Melih Sağıroğlu
Name of the employee is Bengisu Türksoy. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Ali Keskin
Name of the employee is Ahmet Tolga Patnos. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Nurettin Topal
Name of the employee is Ahmet Can Silay. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Umut Sayar
Name of the employee is Bedia Karabudak. Works is in Engineering department as Global IT Asset Manager. Manager of the employee is Seza Nevzat
Name of the employee is Furkan Pehlivan. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineer II - Platform. Manager of the employee is Sefa Can Acar
Name of the employee is Mert Aydın. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Serkan Yoğuran
Name of the employee is Burak Öztürk. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Emre İbrahim Büyükkalfa
Name of the employee is Mustafa Menteş. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Office Support Staff. Manager of the employee is Halit Öztürk
Name of the employee is Bilge Bilgin. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Guest Relations & Administrative Affairs Executive. Manager of the employee is Yasin Tokuş
Name of the employee is Ismail Sis. Works is in Operations department as Onboarding Specialist (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Deepti Singh. Works is in Operations department as Onboarding Specialist (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Dogush Kyunktakan. Works is in Operations department as Onboarding Specialist (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Yasin Öz. Works is in People department as Infield People Specialist. Manager of the employee is Levent Isli
Name of the employee is Ilgın Delibalta. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Executive. Manager of the employee is Ezgi Yalçın
Name of the employee is Tarık Üstüner. Works is in Engineering department as Head of Information Security. Manager of the employee is Seza Nevzat
Name of the employee is Aleyna Güzel. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Go. Manager of the employee is Wendell Oscar Tobin
Name of the employee is Saad Draoui. Works is in International Expansion department as Assistant Store Manager (NL). Manager of the employee is Callman Labe Orloff
Name of the employee is Tuna Bolat. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Emre Erkek
Name of the employee is Büşra Keskin Aktaş. Works is in Operations department as Own Delivery Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Yusuf Can Çakır
Name of the employee is Hakkı Atalay Atar. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Digital Marketing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Bartu Berat Sarıgül
Name of the employee is Özlen Ergen. Works is in Growth department as Growth Specialist. Manager of the employee is Yunus Emre Çankaya
Name of the employee is Gamze Uzun. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Marketing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Egehan Cevatemre
Name of the employee is Nur Utkun. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Didem Alpinanç
Name of the employee is Firat Ediz Arslan. Works is in Commercial Planning department as Commercial Analyst Intern, IL (USA). Manager of the employee is Görkem Tüzel
Name of the employee is Leonard Taieb. Works is in Marketing department as Copywritter. Manager of the employee is Flavie Marie Elisabeth Mulot
Name of the employee is Safa Orhan. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Seda Yalçın
Name of the employee is Tarık Demirel. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Ali Keskin
Name of the employee is Christopher Chaaya. Works is in Management department as General Manager UK. Manager of the employee is Turancan Salur
Name of the employee is Burcu Pınar. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Internal Audit Specialist. Manager of the employee is Mert Canol
Name of the employee is Didem Nur Ayaroğlu. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Digital Marketing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Melin Öztürk
Name of the employee is Emeti Erol. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Executive. Manager of the employee is Safa Ünal
Name of the employee is Melisa Demir. Works is in Product department as Associate Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Ayşe Yalçın
Name of the employee is Yaprak Balcı. Works is in Marketing department as Brand Specialist. Manager of the employee is Seda Asmaz Güler
Name of the employee is İrem Örten. Works is in People department as Compensation & Benefits Specialist. Manager of the employee is Burak Göcen
Name of the employee is Ayşe Nur Güzel. Works is in Commercial department as Category Purchasing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Melike Sağlam
Name of the employee is Damla Akılveren. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Intern. Manager of the employee is Emeti Erol
Name of the employee is Ersin Ors. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - RPA. Manager of the employee is Murat Cenk Batman
Name of the employee is Melis Eylem Akyıldız. Works is in Legal department as Senior Legal Counsel, Litigation. Manager of the employee is Emra Arkadaş Demirkıran
Name of the employee is Clemens Andreas Koebele. Works is in Management department as General Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Turancan Salur
Name of the employee is Ezgi Ağca. Works is in Finance department as Accounts Payable Executive. Manager of the employee is Nedim Çanakkale
Name of the employee is Serhat Şahin. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Office Support Staff. Manager of the employee is Halit Öztürk
Name of the employee is Obaweya Oluwaseyifunmi Adedayo. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - Platform. Manager of the employee is Erinç Erensoy
Name of the employee is Maria Bernal Escribano. Works is in Performance department as Performance Intern. Manager of the employee is Guillem Cruz Sabater
Name of the employee is Rocío Azcoiti Fernández Cañaveral. Works is in Marketing department as Social Media Intern. Manager of the employee is Flavia Garbetta
Name of the employee is Ali Emre Avsar. Works is in People department as Learning and Development Intern. Manager of the employee is Natasha Jasrotia
Name of the employee is Ant Everett. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Director. Manager of the employee is Hatice Evren
Name of the employee is Halit Öztürk. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Administrative Affairs Specialist. Manager of the employee is Zafer Atilla Dalgıç
Name of the employee is Barkın Büyüksağın. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Enrique Salazar Sebastiani
Name of the employee is Duygu Yalçınkaya. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Murat Öztürk
Name of the employee is Onur Odabaşı. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist II. Manager of the employee is Mehmet İkbal Özmen
Name of the employee is Abdulkadir Dede. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Emre Sebat
Name of the employee is Rıfat Serdar Yıldız. Works is in Finance department as Sales Finance Specialist. Manager of the employee is Gökhan Şahin
Name of the employee is Andrei Nicusor Negrescu. Works is in International Expansion department as Store Shift Lead (NL). Manager of the employee is Amanda Marie Penistone
Name of the employee is Hazar Sarıçimen. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hülyanur Akyol
Name of the employee is Mehmet Tekin. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Digital Marketing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Bartu Berat Sarıgül
Name of the employee is Naz Görücü. Works is in Legal department as Senior Legal Counsel, Regulatory Compliance. Manager of the employee is Aslı İmir Yaşar
Name of the employee is Kübra Aydın. Works is in People department as Talent Acquisition Executive. Manager of the employee is Esin Çeşme
Name of the employee is Patricio Tomás Veloso Zapata. Works is in Marketing department as Content Manager. Manager of the employee is Laura Brenes Teixido
Name of the employee is Darin Pavlov. Works is in International Expansion department as Data Validation Specialist (NL). Manager of the employee is Moni Krausz
Name of the employee is Bekir Burak Sarıçam. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Salih Berk Özgüle
Name of the employee is Anıl Sönmez. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Emre Sebat
Name of the employee is Botong He. Works is in International Expansion department as Fleet Specialist (NL). Manager of the employee is Matteo Franco
Name of the employee is Mehmet Mustafa Karoğlanoğlu. Works is in Marketing department as Content Intern. Manager of the employee is Yasin Çatılı
Name of the employee is Ayşegül Aynacıoğlu. Works is in Operations department as Operations Intern. Manager of the employee is Özkan Uzunhan
Name of the employee is Münevver Akbey. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Ali Keskin
Name of the employee is Onur Gökberk Özerdal. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Murat Öztürk
Name of the employee is Ayten Ceren Sofu. Works is in Finance department as Supply Chain Financial Analyst. Manager of the employee is Gonca Ertürk
Name of the employee is Ahmet Said Sağlam. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Python. Manager of the employee is Serhat Giydiren
Name of the employee is Merve Çiner. Works is in Marketing department as Brand Manager. Manager of the employee is Berat Çağlar Karagöz
Name of the employee is Berat Fırat Elmas. Works is in Growth department as Growth Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Cansu Aydın
Name of the employee is Hilal Tüysüz. Works is in Data department as Senior Data Analyst I. Manager of the employee is Birsen Genelioğlu Çetinkaya
Name of the employee is İlhan Can İlhan. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Doğukan Ocak
Name of the employee is Kemal Batuhan İpekoğlu. Works is in Growth department as Growth Intern. Manager of the employee is Yunus Emre Çankaya
Name of the employee is Ömer Burak Kotan. Works is in Operations department as Operations Performance Specialist. Manager of the employee is Sait Alpar Saydağ
Name of the employee is Muharrem Can İncir. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Intern. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Serhan Geboloğlu
Name of the employee is Jaime Gonzalez Heras. Works is in International Expansion department as Store Shift Lead (NL). Manager of the employee is Kai Wah Lee
Name of the employee is Sedef Uluöz. Works is in GetirFinance department as Head of Financial Products. Manager of the employee is Gonca Yılmaz Demirağ
Name of the employee is Orkun Kaan Türeyyen. Works is in Product department as Product Vice President. Manager of the employee is Kaan Emeç
Name of the employee is René Beutner. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Head of Corporate Communications. Manager of the employee is Didem Şinik Arıkan
Name of the employee is Muhammet Faruk Arı. Works is in Data department as Data Analyst I. Manager of the employee is Begüm Kuş
Name of the employee is Suyog Suresh Kalyankar. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Hüseyin Ergon
Name of the employee is Iliyan Atanasov. Works is in Operations department as Picker Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Daniela Laconca
Name of the employee is Luca Cecere. Works is in Operations department as Picker Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Elio Miccolupi
Name of the employee is Guerline Pierre. Works is in International Expansion department as Payroll Associate (FR). Manager of the employee is Konstantinoff Jeanne-marie
Name of the employee is Charles James Vaughan. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Haider Shahid
Name of the employee is Suna Öztürk. Works is in Product department as Associate Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Ceren Çimen Demir
Name of the employee is Harun Yaman. Works is in Engineering department as IT Support Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Terzi
Name of the employee is İrem Dilek. Works is in Marketing department as Brand Specialist. Manager of the employee is Merve Çiner
Name of the employee is İsmail Cem Seçkin. Works is in Engineering department as IT Support Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Terzi
Name of the employee is Mert Öztürk. Works is in Marketing department as Media Executive. Manager of the employee is Ayşe Seda Yurteri Kuraloğlu
Name of the employee is Zeynep Rana Sönmez. Works is in Customer department as Customer Experience Intern. Manager of the employee is Elif Müge Baştopcu
Name of the employee is Seda Nur Çetin. Works is in Commercial department as Category Purchasing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Nefise Mehveş Öktem
Name of the employee is Ufuk Çatalca. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is İrem Namlısoy
Name of the employee is Serkan Dönertaş. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Serdar Kuvvet
Name of the employee is Emin Ersüs. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE. Manager of the employee is Kemal Burak Yöndem
Name of the employee is Daniel Fernando Arevalo Lopez. Works is in International Expansion department as Head of Portugal (PT). Manager of the employee is Hunab Moreno Casillas
Name of the employee is Ahmet Şahin. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE. Manager of the employee is Murat Öztürk
Name of the employee is Asiye Pak. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Can Berk Yekedüz
Name of the employee is Atakan Yaşar. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE. Manager of the employee is Kemal Burak Yöndem
Name of the employee is Elif Kutluca. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Can Berk Yekedüz
Name of the employee is Emirhan Oğul. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE. Manager of the employee is Özgür Mustafa Sucu
Name of the employee is Furkan Cebe. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE. Manager of the employee is Ali Keskin
Name of the employee is Gabriele Tagliavia. Works is in Transformation department as Regional Operations Performance Vice President (DE). Manager of the employee is Cafer Sadık Gençoğlan
Name of the employee is Rukshan Matteo Perera. Works is in Transformation department as Head of Performance & Live Operations (DE). Manager of the employee is Gabriele Tagliavia
Name of the employee is Marius Johnstad Smedås. Works is in Transformation department as Performance & Live Operations Associate (DE). Manager of the employee is Rukshan Matteo Perera
Name of the employee is Rany Khalil. Works is in Transformation department as Operations Performance and Live Operations Associate (UK). Manager of the employee is Rukshan Matteo Perera
Name of the employee is Hasan Cenk Candan. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Salih Berk Özgüle
Name of the employee is Mehmet Rüçhan Yavuzdemir. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE. Manager of the employee is Özgür Mustafa Sucu
Name of the employee is Murat Biberoğlu. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE. Manager of the employee is Nima Aboutaleby
Name of the employee is Muti Kara. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE. Manager of the employee is Ali Keskin
Name of the employee is Onurcan İşler. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE. Manager of the employee is Murat Öztürk
Name of the employee is Defne İdil Somer. Works is in Finance department as Master Data Management Intern. Manager of the employee is Hikmet Özer
Name of the employee is Ece Büke. Works is in Finance department as Controlling Executive. Manager of the employee is Miray Akkıray Akcan
Name of the employee is Berat Aşıcı. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Ergin Derya Küçükiravul
Name of the employee is Yaşar Esin Gümüştakım. Works is in Indirect Procurement department as Procurement Intern. Manager of the employee is Sena Kayın İşcan
Name of the employee is Yaşar Egemen Ada. Works is in Customer department as UX Researcher. Manager of the employee is Özge Özer
Name of the employee is Miray Saygılı. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Begüm Şimşek
Name of the employee is Oğuz Mete Ok. Works is in Operations department as Operations Intern. Manager of the employee is Orhan Anlı
Name of the employee is Rakeshkumar Arjanbhai Patel. Works is in People department as Global Rewards Vice President (UK). Manager of the employee is Selin Barlın Aral
Name of the employee is Martynas Markevicius. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Platform. Manager of the employee is Erinç Erensoy
Name of the employee is Alexander Böhm. Works is in Performance department as Director Operations Steering. Manager of the employee is Clemens Andreas Koebele
Name of the employee is Adam Akesson. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Service Representative. Manager of the employee is Langston Dugger
Name of the employee is Arielle Mbulupeya. Works is in Commercial Planning department as Commercial Business Analyst. Manager of the employee is Langston Dugger
Name of the employee is Michael Edkin. Works is in Commercial Planning department as Commercial Operations Associate. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Mary Bixter. Works is in Commercial Planning department as Commercial Operations Manager. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Christopher Wyman. Works is in Special Projects department as Special Projects Lead. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Alexander Angeline. Works is in Operations department as Transformation Lead, NY. Manager of the employee is Jennifer Carlson
Name of the employee is Brett Berdinsky. Works is in Finance department as Controlling Manager, NY. Manager of the employee is Christopher Vareika
Name of the employee is Alexander Gabriel. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as GR Manager, NY. Manager of the employee is Adam Wacenske
Name of the employee is Jonathan Rao. Works is in Operations department as Central Operations Lead, NY. Manager of the employee is Langston Dugger
Name of the employee is Christopher Vareika. Works is in Finance department as Head of FP&A, NY. Manager of the employee is Kristof Van Beveren
Name of the employee is Adam Wacenske. Works is in Operations department as Director of Transformation, US. Manager of the employee is Kristof Van Beveren
Name of the employee is Isadora Di Domenico Carbone. Works is in People department as Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Manager (Global). Manager of the employee is Milena Scekic
Name of the employee is Celal Terzioğlu. Works is in Operations department as After Sales Operations Manager. Manager of the employee is Özkan Uzunhan
Name of the employee is Nurjemal Saryyeva. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE. Manager of the employee is Murat Öztürk
Name of the employee is Nidheesh Manu Devarajan. Works is in Legal department as Project Manager (NL). Manager of the employee is Douglas Sutherland
Name of the employee is Hatice Buse Gök. Works is in Finance department as Treasury Intern. Manager of the employee is Sinem Tüysüzoğlu Şenel
Name of the employee is Beyza Fadıloğlu. Works is in Legal department as Legal Counsel, Regulatory Compliance. Manager of the employee is Aslı İmir Yaşar
Name of the employee is Emre Muhammet Engin. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Baran Kaan Sert
Name of the employee is Öykü Adıgüzel. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Digital Marketing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Önay
Name of the employee is Mert Ünsal. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Emre Erkek
Name of the employee is Carsten Bieler. Works is in Corporate Communication department as Public Affairs Working Student. Manager of the employee is Sven-joachim Irmer
Name of the employee is Davenas Jerôme. Works is in People department as Directeur des Ressources Humaines . Manager of the employee is Selin Barlın Aral
Name of the employee is Olena Smolinska. Works is in Customer Services department as Senior Customer Service Training & Quality Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Mathias Nahmanovici
Name of the employee is Susann Juliette Hasani. Works is in Customer Services department as Global Operations Manager Customer Service (DE). Manager of the employee is Mathias Nahmanovici
Name of the employee is Louis Albert Aude. Works is in Customer Services department as Process Design Lead (DE). Manager of the employee is Mathias Nahmanovici
Name of the employee is Burak Artiran. Works is in Customer Services department as Workforce Management & BPO Coordinator (DE). Manager of the employee is Mathias Nahmanovici
Name of the employee is Mathias Nahmanovici. Works is in Customer Services department as Director, Global Customer Care (DE). Manager of the employee is Onur Aşık
Name of the employee is Hong Van Mai. Works is in Customer Services department as Senior Quality Assurance & Knowledge Specialist (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Riccardo Giacomazzi. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Service Team Lead (DE). Manager of the employee is Olena Smolinska
Name of the employee is Xavier Dialdas. Works is in Supply Chain department as Head of Supply Chain. Manager of the employee is Christopher Chaaya
Name of the employee is Alberto Cañas Del Castillo. Works is in Operations department as Operations Performance Intern. Manager of the employee is Nicolas Rein Retana
Name of the employee is Mina Kamel. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Android - Kotlin. Manager of the employee is Ahmet Ali Karzan
Name of the employee is Lucia Imbriaco Nocella. Works is in Supply Chain department as Quality Associate. Manager of the employee is Patricia Peman Berdejo
Name of the employee is Dilan Çelik. Works is in Finance department as Treasury Intern. Manager of the employee is Sinem Tüysüzoğlu Şenel
Name of the employee is Meltem Işık Akkuş. Works is in Marketing department as Social Media Executive. Manager of the employee is Semranur Akbaş
Name of the employee is Benjamin Brazier. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Strategic Project Lead. Manager of the employee is Xavier Dialdas
Name of the employee is Stefano Umberto Messina. Works is in People department as Payroll Manager (IT). Manager of the employee is Guglielmo Cremona
Name of the employee is Yasmine Bale. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Government Relations Manager. Manager of the employee is Dominick Francis Moxon-tritsch
Name of the employee is Alexander Tarry. Works is in Performance department as G-Force Project Specialist. Manager of the employee is Moni Krausz
Name of the employee is Hüseyin Eren Şahin. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Python. Manager of the employee is Serhat Giydiren
Name of the employee is Süleyman Arif Çakır. Works is in Data department as Data Analytics Intern. Manager of the employee is Eser Ercan Akın
Name of the employee is Beste Dereli. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Göktuğ Gürhan
Name of the employee is Ozan Can Yıldız. Works is in Operations department as Restaurant Operations Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ozan Güngör
Name of the employee is Eda Tiryaki. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Marketing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Egehan Cevatemre
Name of the employee is Ceren Gören. Works is in Data department as Data Science Intern. Manager of the employee is Ömer Umut
Name of the employee is Fatmanur Cesur. Works is in Operations department as Own Delivery Excellence Specialist. Manager of the employee is Yusuf Can Çakır
Name of the employee is Zeki Çelen. Works is in Operations department as Operations Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is Caner Sürel
Name of the employee is Nicholas Hogeboom. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Service Representative. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Kayene Tabina Sekarwangi. Works is in Marketing department as Marketing Intern. Manager of the employee is Mart Vlutters
Name of the employee is Ece Benli. Works is in GetirFinance department as Digital Marketing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Muharrem Oğuz Sancı
Name of the employee is Samantha Van Der Mescht. Works is in Operations department as Store Shift Lead (DE). Manager of the employee is Muhammad Zuniar Azam
Name of the employee is Ahmed Hussen Helmy Mohamed. Works is in Operations department as Store Shift Lead (DE). Manager of the employee is Muhammad Zuniar Azam
Name of the employee is Dennis George Vedakedath. Works is in Operations department as Store Shift Lead (DE). Manager of the employee is Muhammad Zuniar Azam
Name of the employee is Mohammed Aslam Vadakkethil. Works is in Operations department as Store Shift Lead (DE). Manager of the employee is Muhammad Zuniar Azam
Name of the employee is Ahmed Salar. Works is in Operations department as Store Shift Lead (DE). Manager of the employee is Muhammad Zuniar Azam
Name of the employee is Annu Dolia. Works is in Operations department as Store Shift Lead (DE). Manager of the employee is Muhammad Zuniar Azam
Name of the employee is Khushboo Khushboo. Works is in Operations department as Store Shift Lead (DE). Manager of the employee is Muhammad Zuniar Azam
Name of the employee is Cherily Shivani Ramkhelawan. Works is in People department as Employee Relations Associate . Manager of the employee is Chantalle Van Goor
Name of the employee is Edorta Gallastegui. Works is in Finance department as Finance Associate. Manager of the employee is Hans Adriaan Jan Joost Ouwendijk
Name of the employee is Daniil Bushuev. Works is in Supply Chain department as Stock Specialist. Manager of the employee is Maikel Aarts
Name of the employee is May In Hee Jorem. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Strategy Manager. Manager of the employee is Andreas Vente
Name of the employee is Jessica Rose Gill. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Specialist. Manager of the employee is Joost Willem Rikke Souren
Name of the employee is Steven Hodgeman. Works is in Finance department as Finance . Manager of the employee is Osman Yılmaz
Name of the employee is Gıan Luca Toffolı Gian Luca Toffoli. Works is in Operations department as Picker Shift Leader (IT). Manager of the employee is Erica Mariani
Name of the employee is Osman Yılmaz. Works is in Finance department as Global Chief Financial Officer. Manager of the employee is Nazım Salur
Name of the employee is Charlotte Nadine Delphine Gadenne. Works is in Finance department as Tax & Accounting Lead. Manager of the employee is Hans Adriaan Jan Joost Ouwendijk
Name of the employee is Pim Ooms. Works is in Operations department as Facilities, Maintenance & Real Estate Manager. Manager of the employee is Antonino Munafò
Name of the employee is Kai Milani. Works is in Operations department as Fleet & Gear Associate. Manager of the employee is Matteo Franco
Name of the employee is Dennis Richard Klomps. Works is in Growth department as Operations Excellence Manager. Manager of the employee is Anthony Massaad
Name of the employee is Carıot Tristan. Works is in Operations department as Directeur des Opérations . Manager of the employee is Robert Nicolas Musikas
Name of the employee is Danny Barry. Works is in Marketing department as Head of Marketing. Manager of the employee is Christopher Chaaya
Name of the employee is Bander Farhoud. Works is in People department as People Business Partner, Field. Manager of the employee is Toni Cairns
Name of the employee is Tanjoh Akung. Works is in Marketing department as Content Creator. Manager of the employee is Miranda Cornelia Adriana Van Houwelingen
Name of the employee is Lars Paul Kees Hooijdonk. Works is in Commercial department as Category Associate. Manager of the employee is May In Hee Jorem
Name of the employee is Radu Pancescu. Works is in Supply Chain department as Demand Planning Associate. Manager of the employee is Baturay Öz
Name of the employee is Valeriia Viktorivna Gurinovych. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Lead . Manager of the employee is Wendell Oscar Tobin
Name of the employee is Roseline Joena Antoinette Kuper. Works is in People department as Global Talent & OD Associate. Manager of the employee is Milena Scekic
Name of the employee is Berivan Aydemir. Works is in Legal department as Paralegal. Manager of the employee is Emra Arkadaş Demirkıran
Name of the employee is Dora Sekulic. Works is in People department as Field Recruitment Specialist. Manager of the employee is Patrick Daniel Mes
Name of the employee is Eros Sanchez Alvarez. Works is in People department as Field Recruitment Specialist. Manager of the employee is Patrick Daniel Mes
Name of the employee is Madita Grieshaber. Works is in Supply Chain department as Global Supply Chain Excellence Manager. Manager of the employee is Cihan Müderrisoğlu
Name of the employee is Esra Bilben. Works is in People department as Payroll Specialist. Manager of the employee is Salih Menteş
Name of the employee is Kadir Emre Uludoğan. Works is in Growth department as Growth Executive. Manager of the employee is Hakan Kal
Name of the employee is Paola Barboza Vasquez. Works is in Supply Chain department as Global Supply Chain Excellence Associate. Manager of the employee is Nadine Ebo
Name of the employee is Yakup Yılmaz. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Shivam Arora
Name of the employee is Panagiota Giatra. Works is in Engineering department as IT Team Lead. Manager of the employee is Adem Ibrahim
Name of the employee is Furkan Hakan Onbaşılar. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Bünyamin Akın
Name of the employee is Andrew Robert Pope. Works is in Engineering department as Director, Engineering. Manager of the employee is Hatice Evren
Name of the employee is Jonatas Josue Kirsch. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Zekeriya Koç
Name of the employee is Maksim Valerievich Chernousov. Works is in Engineering department as IT Security Manager. Manager of the employee is Tarık Üstüner
Name of the employee is Justyna Kleczar. Works is in Engineering department as Senior iOS Engineer. Manager of the employee is Wendell Oscar Tobin
Name of the employee is Abraham Menendez. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Backend Engineer. Manager of the employee is Andrew Robert Pope
Name of the employee is Nicole Subat. Works is in People department as Payroll Associate Germany. Manager of the employee is Michael Defares
Name of the employee is Gijsbert Jan Constantijn Van Rhijn. Works is in Finance department as Head of Regional Controlling. Manager of the employee is Steven Hodgeman
Name of the employee is Eleni Prousali. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Specialist. Manager of the employee is Baturay Öz
Name of the employee is Dennis Pastoor. Works is in Growth department as Regional Performance Manager. Manager of the employee is Gabriele Tagliavia
Name of the employee is Geerte Struik. Works is in Commercial department as Strategic Pricing & Revenue Manager. Manager of the employee is May In Hee Jorem
Name of the employee is Leonardo Scodeler Costa Pacheco. Works is in Finance department as Account Payable Accountant. Manager of the employee is Charlotte Nadine Delphine Gadenne
Name of the employee is Logan John Cameron. Works is in People department as Workforce Strategy Analyst. Manager of the employee is Femke Jongsma
Name of the employee is Nicolas Dabinovic. Works is in Performance department as Dispatcher. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Anissa El Ghalbzouri. Works is in People department as Senior Payroll Manager. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Mazdak Soltani. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Head of Public Affairs Benelux. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Emre Erkek. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Rıdvan Nuri Göçmen
Name of the employee is İrem Baydilli. Works is in People department as Talent Acquisition Specialist. Manager of the employee is Sezer Çilem Akay
Name of the employee is Neslihan Zengin. Works is in GetirFinance department as Visual Designer. Manager of the employee is Erkan Soyupak
Name of the employee is Antoni Antequera Mulet. Works is in Legal department as Legal Intern. Manager of the employee is Daniel Tena Barroso
Name of the employee is Antonio Maqueda Rodríguez. Works is in Commercial department as Buying Manager. Manager of the employee is Nicolas Santamaria Beltran
Name of the employee is Birkan Atici. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is Emre Erkek
Name of the employee is Onurhan Salur. Works is in Engineering department as Salesforce Developer. Manager of the employee is Murat Cenk Batman
Name of the employee is Oğuz Vuruşkaner. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE. Manager of the employee is Kağan Küçük
Name of the employee is Jose Leonardo Dos Ramos. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Backend Engineer. Manager of the employee is Andrew Robert Pope
Name of the employee is Mustafa Kısa. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer II - Enterprise Security. Manager of the employee is Tarık Üstüner
Name of the employee is Zeynep Yalçın. Works is in Legal department as Legal Counsel, Mergers & Acquisitions. Manager of the employee is Zeynep Ahu Sazcı Uzun
Name of the employee is Idris Israpilov. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Seda Yalçın
Name of the employee is Kasparas Norkus. Works is in Operations department as Store Conversion Specialist. Manager of the employee is Antonino Munafò
Name of the employee is Artjoms Tihonovs. Works is in Performance department as G-force Project Specialist. Manager of the employee is Anthony Massaad
Name of the employee is Andrei-claudiu Avram. Works is in Performance department as Dispatcher. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Tyrell Miles. Works is in Supply Chain department as Warehouse Manager. Manager of the employee is Patrick George Walsh
Name of the employee is Stefano Ortisi. Works is in Marketing department as Marketing Internship. Manager of the employee is Francesca Ferrari
Name of the employee is Maike Schwarz. Works is in Product department as Creative Associate. Manager of the employee is Miranda Cornelia Adriana Van Houwelingen
Name of the employee is Kara Amantoy. Works is in Performance department as Head of Growth. Manager of the employee is Christopher Chaaya
Name of the employee is Mehmet Ünal. Works is in Growth department as Growth Specialist. Manager of the employee is Seçil Bilgiç Keleşoğlu
Name of the employee is Yaşar Berkay Kazkılınç. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineering Intern - iOS. Manager of the employee is Onur Keskin
Name of the employee is Ahmet Soylu. Works is in Operations department as Operations Performance & Planning Specialist. Manager of the employee is Sait Alpar Saydağ
Name of the employee is Jose Manuel Gosalbez Ibarra. Works is in Performance department as Dispatcher. Manager of the employee is Anthony Massaad
Name of the employee is Jan Wagener. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Alexander Böhm
Name of the employee is Walter Sebastian Quaassdorff Molina. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Alexander Böhm
Name of the employee is Michael Ghisletti. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Gaurav Gattani. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Alexander Böhm
Name of the employee is Chinmay Damale. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Alexander Böhm
Name of the employee is Luca Nagel. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Jose Luis Lobato Vargas
Name of the employee is Diego Albornoz Refusta. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Philipp Türker
Name of the employee is Paul Behmann. Works is in Transformation department as Transformation Specialist. Manager of the employee is Philipp Türker
Name of the employee is Maria Antonina Cieslak. Works is in International Expansion department as Transformation Specialist (DE). Manager of the employee is Philipp Türker
Name of the employee is Adrian Fiszbejn. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Philipp Türker
Name of the employee is Poliana Villela. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Luca Nagel
Name of the employee is Naga Sanagapalli. Works is in International Expansion department as Senior AP Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Yannick Verweij. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Mihaela Popinciuc
Name of the employee is Mehmet Öztürk. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Rui Fang. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Clemens Andreas Koebele
Name of the employee is Bastian Esswein. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Jose Luis Lobato Vargas
Name of the employee is Edoardo Marongiu. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Lukas Gurny. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Craig Simpson
Name of the employee is Sergio Prieto. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Torsten Hardt
Name of the employee is Leroy Gipson. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Torsten Hardt
Name of the employee is Adwait Kate. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Günce Özkanlı İşeri
Name of the employee is Marian Bangel. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Baris Ozman
Name of the employee is Akarsh Sudheer Kumar. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is İhsan Netaşlı
Name of the employee is Nikhil Kande. Works is in Supply Chain department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Nadine Ebo
Name of the employee is Malhar Umarani. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Rojano Valizadeh Ardalan. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Luisa Barragan Pulido. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Alexander Payne. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Bastian Esswein
Name of the employee is Jendric Heinrich. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Bastian Esswein
Name of the employee is Selin Deniz Mintaş. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Carecall Specialist. Manager of the employee is Çağla Gülcan
Name of the employee is Leyla Sharif. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Susann Juliette Hasani
Name of the employee is Glenn Hermans. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Susann Juliette Hasani
Name of the employee is Mireia Navarro López. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Louis Albert Aude
Name of the employee is Julie Bouttier. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Louis Albert Aude
Name of the employee is Muhammad Waqas Nazir. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Lukasz Darnielewicz
Name of the employee is Clemens Zagray. Works is in Supply Chain department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Nadine Ebo
Name of the employee is Craig Jones. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Bastian Esswein
Name of the employee is Barash Hodzhaoglu. Works is in Operations department as SSL with extended Store Responsibilities. Manager of the employee is Mouayad Saad-aldin
Name of the employee is Swaroop Musti. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Miha Milojevic. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Frederike Wilckens. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Torsten Hardt. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Craig Simpson
Name of the employee is Srishti Jain. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Günce Özkanlı İşeri
Name of the employee is Anna-lena Herten. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is İhsan Netaşlı
Name of the employee is Anastasia Ioannidou. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Associate. Manager of the employee is Leyla Sharif
Name of the employee is Sinem Karaboğa. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Carecall Specialist. Manager of the employee is Çağla Gülcan
Name of the employee is Latife Gökçe Ziya. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Business Analyst I. Manager of the employee is Erdi Ay
Name of the employee is Megan Ford. Works is in Legal department as Trainee Solicitor. Manager of the employee is Thomas William Henry Cox
Name of the employee is Gargi Nandanpawar. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as European People Analytics Intern. Manager of the employee is Femke Jongsma
Name of the employee is Aimee Fitzpatrick. Works is in Marketing department as Digital Brand Manager. Manager of the employee is Danny Barry
Name of the employee is Mohan Murali. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Günce Özkanlı İşeri
Name of the employee is Marta Carcano. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Alexander Böhm
Name of the employee is Helin Kıl. Works is in Product department as Product Designer. Manager of the employee is Umut Can Yurtalan
Name of the employee is Ahmet Demir. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Hızlıoğlu
Name of the employee is Elif Gökçe Gürbüz. Works is in Growth department as Growth Manager. Manager of the employee is Mutlu Işık
Name of the employee is İrem Dinçsoy. Works is in Marketing department as Brand Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hakan Kal
Name of the employee is İrem Yavuz. Works is in Data department as Data Analytics Intern. Manager of the employee is Saliha Taşıyan
Name of the employee is Yunus Emre Gür. Works is in Growth department as Growth Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hakan Kal
Name of the employee is Kerim Kochekov. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE. Manager of the employee is Kemal Burak Yöndem
Name of the employee is Thomas Torelli. Works is in Finance department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Robert Boomer
Name of the employee is Oleksandr Keniz. Works is in Finance department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Robert Boomer
Name of the employee is Jake Turicchi. Works is in Data department as Data Scientist. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Xiaoyu Zhang. Works is in Data department as Senior Data WH Engineer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Jorge Dias De Magalhães. Works is in Data department as Data Warehouse Engineer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Qiqin Yang. Works is in Data department as Data Analyst. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Nader Kawkabany. Works is in Data department as Global Data Vice President. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Tim Holzer. Works is in International Expansion department as Marketing Specialist (DE). Manager of the employee is Benjamin John Hulme
Name of the employee is Pham Hong Nhung. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Volkan Bagci. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Fabian Willkomm. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Tom Aaron Cramer. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Michael Stempin
Name of the employee is Johannes Bethge. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Benjamin John Hulme
Name of the employee is Maxime Jayyosi. Works is in Data department as  Business Intelligence Director. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Kirill Vorotnikov. Works is in Data department as Senior Business Intelligence Analyst . Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Frederico Infante Rodrigues. Works is in Data department as Data Warehouse Engineer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Marwan Kalo. Works is in Data department as Business Intelligence Manager. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Ali Şimşek. Works is in Data department as Growth Analyst. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Levent Özdemir. Works is in Data department as Growth Analyst. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Tanja Michaela Hahn. Works is in Engineering department as IT Integration & Cloud Team Lead. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Austin Larkin. Works is in Engineering department as AV & Smart Office Integration Engineer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Sebastian Hohensee. Works is in Engineering department as IT Special Projects. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Odai Abuasad. Works is in Engineering department as IT Integration Specialist. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Aray Kyzyltayeva. Works is in Engineering department as Security Engineer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Max Kohnert-stavenhagen. Works is in Engineering department as AV Engineer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Georgi Dimitrov. Works is in Engineering department as IT Support Technician. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Igor Omerbasic. Works is in Engineering department as Senior IT Support Technician. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Omid Habibi. Works is in Engineering department as IT Support & Integration Engineer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Natali Hall. Works is in Engineering department as IT Support Technician. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Marco Piccolo. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Christophe Marc Mathiesen
Name of the employee is Ahmed Elshazly. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Christophe Marc Mathiesen
Name of the employee is Indy Broekman. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Christophe Marc Mathiesen
Name of the employee is Jovana Jekic. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Ozan Ciğerli
Name of the employee is Gina-lisa Staudt. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Eike Lütjen
Name of the employee is Luiza Almeida Praça Mattos. Works is in Legal department as Legal Intern. Manager of the employee is Diane Santoni
Name of the employee is Felix Heltzel. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Hamid Khorramdel
Name of the employee is Leonard Thies Ferres. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Hamid Khorramdel
Name of the employee is Douglas Sutherland. Works is in People department as Global Workday Product Lead. Manager of the employee is Insia Valika
Name of the employee is Dilara Akin. Works is in Engineering department as Data Engineering Director. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Destiny Adetutu Dexter. Works is in People department as People Working Student . Manager of the employee is Sandra Curtin-gallucci
Name of the employee is Catherine Bassett. Works is in Product department as Product Vice President. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Nadine Ebo. Works is in Supply Chain department as Product Director. Manager of the employee is Kaan Koray Kümbet
Name of the employee is Paul-eric Collin. Works is in Product department as Head of Product. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Sergio Nuñez Ubiria. Works is in Product department as Senior Product Designer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Dietrich Lichi-haasz. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Joo Hyung Lee. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Martin Herrmann. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Mirre Margaretha Geertruida Snelting. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Angela Garcia. Works is in Customer department as UX Researcher. Manager of the employee is Özge Özer
Name of the employee is Sofiia Koroleva. Works is in Product department as Associate Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Serkan Doğantekin
Name of the employee is Amadeus Nissen. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Eike Lütjen
Name of the employee is Yeri Han. Works is in Product department as Product Designer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Sasha Maria Dibe. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Deniz Basoglu. Works is in Product department as Lead Product Designer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Marion Valluis. Works is in Finance department as Finance. Manager of the employee is Charlotte Nadine Delphine Gadenne
Name of the employee is Dina Iuneeva. Works is in Product department as Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Serkan Doğantekin
Name of the employee is Richard Clark. Works is in Finance department as Finance. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Hamza Louar. Works is in Product department as Senior Product Manager. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Delphine Dediste. Works is in Finance department as International Controlling Manager. Manager of the employee is Gijsbert Jan Constantijn Van Rhijn
Name of the employee is Ahmet Bugra Karaca. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Lead. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Andre Schabrocker. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Automation Engineer. Manager of the employee is Jonatas Josue Kirsch
Name of the employee is Polina Diurdeva. Works is in Engineering department as Staff QA Automation Engineer. Manager of the employee is Jonatas Josue Kirsch
Name of the employee is Patrycja Brzostowska. Works is in Finance department as Finance. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Songül Özdemir. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Carecall Specialist. Manager of the employee is Çağla Gülcan
Name of the employee is Fatih Yılmaz. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Office Support Staff. Manager of the employee is Halit Öztürk
Name of the employee is Modo Nathalie. Works is in People department as Senior Payroll Associate. Manager of the employee is Konstantinoff Jeanne-marie
Name of the employee is Cheikh Nazia. Works is in People department as Senior Payroll Associate. Manager of the employee is Konstantinoff Jeanne-marie
Name of the employee is Gilson Rodrigues Maciel. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Lead. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Emma Maria Lopez Sundh. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Lead. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Yeva Baghdasaryan. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Android Engineer. Manager of the employee is Wendell Oscar Tobin
Name of the employee is Nami Salimi. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Android Engineer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Ashima Sood. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Backend Developer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Nikhil Vibhav. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Backend Engineer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Dinesh Kumar Jangra. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Backend Engineer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Vini Vasundharan. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Platform. Manager of the employee is Erinç Erensoy
Name of the employee is Francis Xavier Clifford. Works is in Engineering department as Senior DevOps Engineer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Bogdan Yur. Works is in Engineering department as Senior iOS Engineer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Yotam Ohayon. Works is in Engineering department as Senior iOS Engineer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Valerii Atamanchuk. Works is in Engineering department as Senior iOS Engineer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Joao Paulo Cavalcante Dos Anjos. Works is in Engineering department as Senior iOS Engineer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Sonal Kundan Pawar. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Quality Assurance Engineer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Srividhya Leeladharan. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Quality Assurance Engineer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Donaldo Antonio Guevara Izaguirre. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Automation Engineer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Carlos Mesquita Mansilla. Works is in Engineering department as Android Engineer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Golnaz Aliakbar. Works is in Engineering department as Android Engineer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Hudson Luiz Sales Schumaker. Works is in Engineering department as Backend Engineer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Skaiste Sibone. Works is in Engineering department as Junior Web Engineer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Martin Joseph Gormley. Works is in Engineering department as Frontend Web Engineer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Vadim Makeev. Works is in Engineering department as Frontend Web Engineer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Rong-yu Hsiao. Works is in Engineering department as Android Engineer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Fazilet Özer Öztürk. Works is in Engineering department as Backend Engineer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Alina Lazarenko. Works is in Engineering department as Junior QA Engineer. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Serhan Geboloğlu
Name of the employee is Manish Askani. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Backend Engineer II. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Navid Dijoor. Works is in International Expansion department as Area Manager West. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Felix Malldorf. Works is in International Expansion department as Area Manager West. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Gabriel Knezevic. Works is in International Expansion department as Area Manager Southwest (DE). Manager of the employee is Alexander Payne
Name of the employee is Bilal Özdemir. Works is in International Expansion department as Area Manager Saxony. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Sarah Basuni. Works is in International Expansion department as Area Manager Bavaria (DE). Manager of the employee is Alexander Payne
Name of the employee is Montserrat Mendez. Works is in International Expansion department as Area Manager Bavaria. Manager of the employee is Alexander Payne
Name of the employee is German Sverdlov. Works is in International Expansion department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Philip Heinze. Works is in International Expansion department as Area Manager North (DE). Manager of the employee is Jendric Heinrich
Name of the employee is Sascha Ragge. Works is in International Expansion department as Area Manager North (DE). Manager of the employee is Jendric Heinrich
Name of the employee is Furkan Kesen. Works is in International Expansion department as Area Manager North (DE). Manager of the employee is Jendric Heinrich
Name of the employee is Karl Seidl. Works is in Operations department as Area Manager Berlin. Manager of the employee is Luisa Barragan Pulido
Name of the employee is Tilen Jankovic. Works is in International Expansion department as Area Manager Berlin. Manager of the employee is Craig Jones
Name of the employee is Amandeep Singh. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Platform. Manager of the employee is Erinç Erensoy
Name of the employee is Dione Tadiwa Hove. Works is in People department as People Working Student (DE) . Manager of the employee is Ralf Jegel
Name of the employee is Eydina Yaman. Works is in People department as People Working Student (DE) . Manager of the employee is Sandra Curtin-gallucci
Name of the employee is İbrahim Emre Ulu. Works is in Finance department as Controlling Intern. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Tahir Yumukoğlu
Name of the employee is Necmettin Mert Keski. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Java. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Hızlıoğlu
Name of the employee is Stephen Lapadula. Works is in Operations department as Operations Manager. Manager of the employee is Michael Adams
Name of the employee is Parmis Babadiaghakhanpour. Works is in People department as People Working Student (DE) . Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Maximilian Zhao. Works is in Commercial department as Regional Commercial Manager. Manager of the employee is Manfredi Moschella
Name of the employee is Luigi Buttiglieri. Works is in Commercial department as Regional Commercial Director. Manager of the employee is Osman Berker Yağcı
Name of the employee is Manfredi Moschella. Works is in Commercial department as Regional Assortment & Merchandising Lead. Manager of the employee is Luigi Buttiglieri
Name of the employee is Victor Charnier. Works is in Finance department as Regional Operations Performance Specialist (DE). Manager of the employee is Marius Geiker
Name of the employee is Ruben Tan. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is David Hunt
Name of the employee is Vivian Weitz. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Senior Communications Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is René Beutner
Name of the employee is Roberto Ludwig Japón Treffler. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Didem Şinik Arıkan
Name of the employee is Şeyma Başak Yıldırım. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Planning Specialist . Manager of the employee is Aylin Ulusoy
Name of the employee is Abdullah Said Kartal. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Go. Manager of the employee is Wendell Oscar Tobin
Name of the employee is Mehmet Anıl Atlı. Works is in Data department as Senior Data Analyst I. Manager of the employee is Ceren Tabakoğlu
Name of the employee is Kutluhan Yiğit Keskin. Works is in Operations department as Operations Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is Caner Sürel
Name of the employee is Ilayda Donmez. Works is in Transformation department as CRM Working Student (DE). Manager of the employee is Gayelle Gebrael
Name of the employee is Manuel Fernandez. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Patrick Daniel Mes
Name of the employee is Luis Camilo Cardenas Dovale. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Onboarding manager. Manager of the employee is Patrick Daniel Mes
Name of the employee is María-josé Jaén Tapia. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Patrick Daniel Mes
Name of the employee is Jose Manuel Longhi. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Patrick Daniel Mes
Name of the employee is Chloe Wilms. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Dennis Van Der Hee. Works is in Special Projects department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Mario Adler
Name of the employee is Joana Marcelino. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Antonino Munafò
Name of the employee is Mykul Harris. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Loren Addison
Name of the employee is Prescilla Jimenez. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Loren Addison
Name of the employee is Amber Rosa. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Michael Adams
Name of the employee is Alice Atkinson. Works is in People department as Employment and Social Relations Lead. Manager of the employee is Davenas Jerôme
Name of the employee is Cristian Rosu. Works is in Engineering department as Backend Developer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Folger Fonseca. Works is in Engineering department as Backend Engineer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Melis Maro. Works is in Product department as Junior Project Manager. Manager of the employee is Gülşah Yıldırım
Name of the employee is Rosalie Touamey. Works is in People department as SENIOR PAYROLL ASSOCIATE. Manager of the employee is Konstantinoff Jeanne-marie
Name of the employee is Matthias Alif. Works is in Engineering department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Yassine Aouadi. Works is in Engineering department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Amadou Balde. Works is in Engineering department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Adrien Belkouche. Works is in Engineering department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Yohan (le) Breton. Works is in Engineering department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Bricard Martin. Works is in Engineering department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Arthur Burnichon. Works is in Engineering department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Quentin Collin. Works is in Engineering department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Fabrice Crapoulet. Works is in Engineering department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Maxime De Juniac. Works is in Product department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Alban Delachaume. Works is in Engineering department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Thomas Depinoy. Works is in Engineering department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Aymeric Dijoux. Works is in Engineering department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Lionel Ea. Works is in Engineering department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Saad El Madafri. Works is in Engineering department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Victor (de La) Fouchardiere. Works is in Engineering department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Oscar Garay Velasquez. Works is in Engineering department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Jordan Gout. Works is in Engineering department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is David Guyonvarch. Works is in Engineering department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is François Jarrois. Works is in Engineering department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Arnaud Le Dilhuit. Works is in Engineering department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Xavier Lencou. Works is in Engineering department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Tristan Morera. Works is in Engineering department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Hugues Quenioux. Works is in Engineering department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Yoann Ribeiro. Works is in Engineering department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Raphaël Rotellini. Works is in Engineering department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Umut Teke. Works is in Engineering department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Nicolas Valencot. Works is in Engineering department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Arnaud Véronie. Works is in Engineering department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Angelianna Prevezanou. Works is in Corporate Communication department as Global Communications Associate (DE). Manager of the employee is Toni Cairns
Name of the employee is Andrea Michel Scucchia. Works is in Commercial department as Category Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Christophe Marc Mathiesen
Name of the employee is Lara Barfknecht. Works is in Health & Safety department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Rui Fang
Name of the employee is Valentin Ivanov. Works is in Health & Safety department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Rui Fang
Name of the employee is Christoph Prost. Works is in Health & Safety department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Rui Fang
Name of the employee is Kyle Winkler. Works is in Health & Safety department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Rui Fang
Name of the employee is Glodie Leka. Works is in Operations department as Performance Associate. Manager of the employee is Samuel David O'brien Ader
Name of the employee is Benjamin Lucas. Works is in Operations department as Area Manager. Manager of the employee is Sofia Koleva
Name of the employee is Michael Booth. Works is in Operations department as Area Manager. Manager of the employee is Brett Hermon
Name of the employee is Roberto Abbate. Works is in Operations department as Head of Central Operations. Manager of the employee is Samuel David O'brien Ader
Name of the employee is Andrew Whittle. Works is in Operations department as Property and Facilities Manager. Manager of the employee is Roberto Abbate
Name of the employee is Brett Hermon. Works is in Operations department as Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is Samuel David O'brien Ader
Name of the employee is Sara Ciulla. Works is in Operations department as Real Estate Specialist. Manager of the employee is Roberto Abbate
Name of the employee is Tamika Alli. Works is in Operations department as Property and Facilities Specialist. Manager of the employee is Andrew Whittle
Name of the employee is Gareth Jenkins. Works is in Operations department as Area Manager. Manager of the employee is Brett Hermon
Name of the employee is Eloise Dema. Works is in People department as People Business Partner. Manager of the employee is Jorge Luis Urosa Velazco
Name of the employee is Carly Davidson. Works is in People department as People Business Partner. Manager of the employee is Jorge Luis Urosa Velazco
Name of the employee is Rujina Miah. Works is in People department as Lead People Business Partner. Manager of the employee is Insia Valika
Name of the employee is Shivangi Gupta. Works is in People department as Payroll Manager. Manager of the employee is Insia Valika
Name of the employee is Elizabeth Haywood. Works is in People department as Talent Acquisition Business Partner. Manager of the employee is Thomas Jean Cornelis Van Den Heuvel
Name of the employee is Raphael Haguenauer. Works is in Transformation department as Transformation Associate. Manager of the employee is Melda Eren
Name of the employee is Pedro Appendino. Works is in Supply Chain department as Special Project Associate. Manager of the employee is Benjamin Brazier
Name of the employee is Yuri Bacelar. Works is in Supply Chain department as Replenishment Planner . Manager of the employee is Emre Kalyoncu
Name of the employee is Jenny Thomason. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Planning Lead. Manager of the employee is Xavier Dialdas
Name of the employee is Ermias Abay. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Manager. Manager of the employee is Jenny Thomason
Name of the employee is Jessica Beetham. Works is in Supply Chain department as Supply Chain Category Manager. Manager of the employee is Jenny Thomason
Name of the employee is Zachary Benney. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Merchandising Associate. Manager of the employee is Sophie Rachel Emms
Name of the employee is Sonia Morland. Works is in Commercial department as Head of Commercial. Manager of the employee is Neil Franklin
Name of the employee is Amelia Newland. Works is in Commercial department as Head of Partnerships. Manager of the employee is Neil Franklin
Name of the employee is Zuzanna Czanik. Works is in Commercial department as Buying Intern. Manager of the employee is Andrew Ayres
Name of the employee is Aikaterini Bafaloukou. Works is in Commercial department as Buying Intern. Manager of the employee is Andrew Ayres
Name of the employee is Elisa Tomassi. Works is in Commercial department as Buying Manager. Manager of the employee is Jonathan Lessem
Name of the employee is Alberto Moschi. Works is in Commercial department as Trade Marketing Manager. Manager of the employee is Amelia Newland
Name of the employee is Rich Sharpe. Works is in Commercial department as Buying Manager. Manager of the employee is Andrew Ayres
Name of the employee is Elysia Wong. Works is in Commercial department as Merchandising Specialist. Manager of the employee is Mishaan Uttamchandani
Name of the employee is Maya Osmaston. Works is in Marketing department as Assistant Brand Manager. Manager of the employee is Harriet Lowe
Name of the employee is David Vincent. Works is in Finance department as Head of Finance. Manager of the employee is Christopher Chaaya
Name of the employee is Gabriela Riquero Loza. Works is in Finance department as Accounting Associate. Manager of the employee is Özgün Cankurt
Name of the employee is Roberto Pita. Works is in Finance department as Finance Ops Associate. Manager of the employee is Tahir Mohammed
Name of the employee is Maria Gutierrez. Works is in Finance department as FP&A Associate. Manager of the employee is Trevor Alan Butler
Name of the employee is Marta Switalska. Works is in Finance department as Accounting Associate. Manager of the employee is Charlotte Nadine Delphine Gadenne
Name of the employee is Anna Peryt. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Regional Courier Onboarding Associate. Manager of the employee is Tom Wylde
Name of the employee is Maria Guimaraes. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Regional Courier Onboarding Associate. Manager of the employee is Tom Wylde
Name of the employee is Amelie Bouyon. Works is in Finance department as Account Payable Accountant. Manager of the employee is Rodrigo Ivan Sevilla Padilla
Name of the employee is Najiba Mendoubi. Works is in Finance department as Account Payable Accountant. Manager of the employee is Rodrigo Ivan Sevilla Padilla
Name of the employee is Klaus Kiefer. Works is in Health & Safety department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Rui Fang
Name of the employee is Valeria Piantoni. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Public Relations Manager. Manager of the employee is Didem Şinik Arıkan
Name of the employee is Matteo Maria Artero. Works is in Operations department as Head of Global Operations Solutions & Algorithms. Manager of the employee is Metin Hacıoğlu
Name of the employee is Julia Bonan. Works is in People department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Milena Scekic
Name of the employee is Kateryna Myronenko. Works is in People department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Richard Edward Ranson
Name of the employee is Cassandre Noblot. Works is in People department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Julita Rogalewicz. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Abhay Rana. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Laura-sabina Burlacu. Works is in Marketing department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Vishal Verma
Name of the employee is Jenab Fidahusain Vhora. Works is in Marketing department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Laura-sabina Burlacu
Name of the employee is Gulce Ozmen. Works is in Marketing department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Laura-sabina Burlacu
Name of the employee is Jonathan Murphy. Works is in Marketing department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Vishal Verma
Name of the employee is Enes Ozturk. Works is in Marketing department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Melin Öztürk
Name of the employee is Pierre Martin. Works is in Engineering department as Frichti & Gorillas, EPD, FR. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Christopher Pepper. Works is in Strategy department as Strategy Team. Manager of the employee is Derya Erdemli
Name of the employee is Vittorio Stefani. Works is in Strategy department as Strategy Team. Manager of the employee is Derya Erdemli
Name of the employee is Leonardo Silenzi. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Yasin Özer
Name of the employee is Renato Coltro Sileikis. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is David Hunt
Name of the employee is Agustina Belen Garro. Works is in Audit & Corporate Security department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Umut Cemal Kıraç
Name of the employee is Joscha Domdey. Works is in Operations department as Head of Global Delivery Operations Development. Manager of the employee is Metin Hacıoğlu
Name of the employee is Nicholas Gick. Works is in Operations department as Global Fleet Development Manager. Manager of the employee is Matteo Maria Artero
Name of the employee is Sarah Roach. Works is in Marketing department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Romain Chabernaud. Works is in Supply Chain department as Head of Supply Chain. Manager of the employee is Robert Nicolas Musikas
Name of the employee is Onur Kurt. Works is in GetirFinance department as Visual Designer. Manager of the employee is Erkan Soyupak
Name of the employee is Utkan Uçar. Works is in Product department as Associate Product Designer. Manager of the employee is Umut Can Yurtalan
Name of the employee is Robert Moes. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Milad Heran
Name of the employee is Serdar Ormanli. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - BE - Go. Manager of the employee is Can Sözeri
Name of the employee is Orhan Dörtler. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Emin İmirhan
Name of the employee is Hasan Can Yalçın. Works is in Finance department as Global Consolidation Executive. Manager of the employee is Büşra Tatar
Name of the employee is İsa Bağcı. Works is in Finance department as Global Consolidation Manager. Manager of the employee is Büşra Tatar
Name of the employee is Onur Özer. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Engineer II - Database. Manager of the employee is Sefa Can Acar
Name of the employee is Yusuf Eren. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Kağan Küçük
Name of the employee is Şahika Tufan Bingöl. Works is in Growth department as Growth Executive. Manager of the employee is Seçil Bilgiç Keleşoğlu
Name of the employee is Nurten Karamanlı. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Office Support Staff. Manager of the employee is Halit Öztürk
Name of the employee is Francesco Pasquariello. Works is in Performance department as Regional Performance Associate. Manager of the employee is Rukshan Matteo Perera
Name of the employee is Jasper Boersma. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Amanda Marie Penistone
Name of the employee is Romy Gebauer. Works is in People department as People Working Student (DE) . Manager of the employee is Sandra Curtin-gallucci
Name of the employee is André Homem Dornas. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Emre Turan
Name of the employee is Oliver Jacob Bishop. Works is in Commercial department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Sukru Dagdelen
Name of the employee is Marthe Geulette. Works is in Commercial department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Oliver Jacob Bishop
Name of the employee is Ronja Boehmer. Works is in Commercial department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Oliver Jacob Bishop
Name of the employee is Hasan Özdemir. Works is in Data department as Data Analyst II. Manager of the employee is Eser Ercan Akın
Name of the employee is Muhammed Raşid Ağaç. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Berk Ekim Paşmakoğlu
Name of the employee is Deniz Yontuk. Works is in Legal department as Legal Counsel, Competition. Manager of the employee is Sinem Gaye Aşkın
Name of the employee is İrfan Çelik. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Office Support Staff. Manager of the employee is Halit Öztürk
Name of the employee is Joshua Worts. Works is in Operations department as Warehouse Manager. Manager of the employee is Ibrahim Rahm
Name of the employee is Matthaios Iatrou. Works is in Operation/Courier department as Warehouse Manager. Manager of the employee is Antonino Munafò
Name of the employee is Patricija Javniskyte. Works is in Operation/Courier department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Amanda Marie Penistone
Name of the employee is Milad Heran. Works is in Operation/Courier department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Antonino Munafò
Name of the employee is Ibrahim Rahm. Works is in Operation/Courier department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Antonino Munafò
Name of the employee is David Hunt. Works is in Operation/Courier department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Antonino Munafò
Name of the employee is Calvin Piening. Works is in Operation/Courier department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Antonino Munafò
Name of the employee is Gabriel Araujo. Works is in Operation/Courier department as Warehouse Manager. Manager of the employee is Hamza Iqbal
Name of the employee is Eugeron Winklaar. Works is in Operation/Courier department as Assistant Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Amanda Marie Penistone
Name of the employee is Agustin Lorenzo. Works is in Operation/Courier department as Dispatcher. Manager of the employee is Dennis Pastoor
Name of the employee is Arzu Kılıç. Works is in People department as Talent Acquisition Executive. Manager of the employee is Esin Çeşme
Name of the employee is Sebastian Calvo. Works is in Operation/Courier department as Rider Training Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ruan Jurgens Van Zyl
Name of the employee is Toni Camilleri. Works is in Operation/Courier department as Warehouse Manager. Manager of the employee is Ibrahim Rahm
Name of the employee is Simon Antala. Works is in Operation/Courier department as Warehouse Manager. Manager of the employee is Ibrahim Rahm
Name of the employee is Leandro Titulaer. Works is in Operation/Courier department as Warehouse Manager. Manager of the employee is Ibrahim Rahm
Name of the employee is Gregory Piatti. Works is in Operation/Courier department as Warehouse Manager. Manager of the employee is David Hunt
Name of the employee is Vladimir Ustinov. Works is in Operation/Courier department as Warehouse Manager. Manager of the employee is David Hunt
Name of the employee is Darja Suvorova. Works is in Operation/Courier department as Warehouse Manager. Manager of the employee is David Hunt
Name of the employee is Ioannis Rizos. Works is in Operation/Courier department as Store Manager. Manager of the employee is Ibrahim Rahm
Name of the employee is Rita Machado. Works is in Operation/Courier department as Warehouse Manager. Manager of the employee is Joana Marcelino
Name of the employee is Rikki Da Silva. Works is in Operation/Courier department as Warehouse Manager. Manager of the employee is Joana Marcelino
Name of the employee is Izgi Yesildal. Works is in People department as People Working Student . Manager of the employee is Celine Pedro Fernandes
Name of the employee is Ezgi Şahin. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Doğukan Ocak
Name of the employee is Ozan Aytaç. Works is in Product department as Associate Product Manager. Manager of the employee is İsmail Cem Altun
Name of the employee is Alp Başaran. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Serhan Geboloğlu
Name of the employee is Sadık Çoban. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Óscar Rubén Marín Alonso
Name of the employee is Johnny Cadenas. Works is in Finance department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Volkan Kavasoğlu
Name of the employee is Julia Habla. Works is in Legal department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Alexander Steinbrecher
Name of the employee is Florence Rabiega. Works is in Legal department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Alexander Steinbrecher
Name of the employee is Ilse Sotelo. Works is in Legal department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Alexander Steinbrecher
Name of the employee is Gayelle Gebrael. Works is in Transformation department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Başak Cinci Özdemir
Name of the employee is Lauren Fox. Works is in People department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Philip Morrissey
Name of the employee is Andrew Kyle. Works is in People department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Toni Cairns
Name of the employee is Najma Bani. Works is in Transformation department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Vishal Verma
Name of the employee is Federica Santarelli. Works is in Transformation department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Najma Bani
Name of the employee is Tasneem Kamal Uddin. Works is in Legal department as Insurance Claim Handler. Manager of the employee is Uğur Tahmaz
Name of the employee is Orhan Kemal Elçi. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Manager. Manager of the employee is Hatice Evren
Name of the employee is Mehmet Kaya. Works is in People department as People Department Intern. Manager of the employee is Özge Kuyucuoğlu
Name of the employee is James Haggenmiller. Works is in Operations department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Sascha Ragge
Name of the employee is Andreea Nica Lordachescu. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager Blasewitz & König (DE). Manager of the employee is Bilal Özdemir
Name of the employee is Maximilian Lebedev. Works is in Operations department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Sascha Ragge
Name of the employee is Tiago Marques. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager Konstantin & Zeigner (DE). Manager of the employee is Bilal Özdemir
Name of the employee is Randall Webster. Works is in Operations department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Sascha Ragge
Name of the employee is Ewa Suchanek. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager Conni (de). Manager of the employee is Bilal Özdemir
Name of the employee is Jorge Delgado Rodriguez. Works is in Operations department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Sascha Ragge
Name of the employee is Hanna Na. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager Findorff (DE). Manager of the employee is Sascha Ragge
Name of the employee is Recep Şen. Works is in Finance department as Master Data Management Specialist. Manager of the employee is Hikmet Özer
Name of the employee is Zafer Atilla Dalgıç. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Office & Administrative Affairs Manager. Manager of the employee is Yasin Tokuş
Name of the employee is Pınar Akpınar. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Design Intern. Manager of the employee is Müjgan Şahiner
Name of the employee is Cahid Topkaraoğlu. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Kağan Küçük
Name of the employee is Natalija Ilijin. Works is in Performance department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Alexander Böhm
Name of the employee is Mehmet Gümüş. Works is in People department as People Department Intern. Manager of the employee is Melis Kahyaoğlu
Name of the employee is Cangül Türkmen. Works is in Marketing department as Graphic Designer (Senior Level). Manager of the employee is Müjgan Şahiner
Name of the employee is Aimee Sarah Myhre. Works is in Legal department as Legal Counsel. Manager of the employee is Anna Claire Catharine Cosgrave
Name of the employee is İrfan Bozkurt. Works is in Finance department as General Accounting Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ufuk Kişi
Name of the employee is Furkan Sayım. Works is in GetirFinance department as Senior Engineer I - Cyber Security . Manager of the employee is Bekir Özmen
Name of the employee is Barış Gedik. Works is in GetirFinance department as Accounting & Tax Manager. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Yiğit Çağlayan
Name of the employee is Deniz Can Cebeci. Works is in Finance department as Global Consolidation Executive. Manager of the employee is İsa Bağcı
Name of the employee is Uğurcan Aslan. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Ali Keskin
Name of the employee is Zehra Türk. Works is in Data department as Data Analyst II. Manager of the employee is Tuğçe Soydan
Name of the employee is Ahmet Can Altuntaş. Works is in Product department as Senior Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Hulusi Duru İlter
Name of the employee is Nida Ahmed. Works is in Commercial department as Category Manager. Manager of the employee is İlay Karateke
Name of the employee is Cansu Kardaş. Works is in Finance department as Controlling Executive. Manager of the employee is Mehmet Tahir Yumukoğlu
Name of the employee is Meryem Erdinç. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Administrative Affairs Executive. Manager of the employee is Yasin Tokuş
Name of the employee is Serra Akmansoy Sagiri. Works is in Legal department as Senior Legal Counsel, Employment Law. Manager of the employee is Cansu Çınar Aslan
Name of the employee is Nilay Keçeci. Works is in Finance department as Account Payable Specialist. Manager of the employee is Meryem Yılmaz Genç
Name of the employee is Murat Varolgüneş. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineer II - Network Security. Manager of the employee is Okan Gülder
Name of the employee is Zeki Tayfun Öcal. Works is in People department as Senior Special Projects Manager. Manager of the employee is Monica Hariharan
Name of the employee is Bradley Cryer. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Gabriel Knezevic
Name of the employee is Luis Giordano. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Gabriel Knezevic
Name of the employee is Tina Babic. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Gabriel Knezevic
Name of the employee is Emiliano Salazar. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Montserrat Mendez
Name of the employee is Purja Pourjabbari Khamaneh. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Sarah Basuni
Name of the employee is Oana Preda. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Nieves Garcia. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Montserrat Mendez
Name of the employee is Junaid Aslam. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Sarah Basuni
Name of the employee is Ecem Kortas. Works is in Operations department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Montserrat Mendez
Name of the employee is Mathew Larson. Works is in Operations department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Gabriel Knezevic
Name of the employee is Simran Kaur. Works is in Operations department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Gabriel Knezevic
Name of the employee is Marc Toombs. Works is in Operations department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Shania Kratz. Works is in Operations department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Gabriel Knezevic
Name of the employee is Kiana Davidson. Works is in Operations department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Gabriel Knezevic
Name of the employee is Zoltan Pinter. Works is in Strategy department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Osman Berker Yağcı
Name of the employee is Sherif Ghandour. Works is in Strategy department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Zoltan Pinter
Name of the employee is Azeez Abdulazeez. Works is in Operations department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Gabriel Knezevic
Name of the employee is Lejla Ibisevic. Works is in Operations department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Sarah Basuni
Name of the employee is Henrique Queiroz. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Sascha Ragge
Name of the employee is Isaac Wiredu. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Furkan Kesen
Name of the employee is Fernando Lara. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Philip Heinze
Name of the employee is Batuhan Enes Başay. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE - .Net. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar (gysem)
Name of the employee is Timo Gundlach. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Jendric Heinrich
Name of the employee is Krishna Bhat. Works is in People department as Global People Programs Associate. Manager of the employee is Insia Valika
Name of the employee is Christin Shaji. Works is in Operations department as Store Shift Lead (DE). Manager of the employee is Felix Malldorf
Name of the employee is Sanket Pharande. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Hadi Haddad. Works is in Growth department as Growth Intern. Manager of the employee is Elif Burçin Amet
Name of the employee is Jeffrey Brady. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Navid Dijoor
Name of the employee is Brandon Broughton. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Navid Dijoor
Name of the employee is Lucile Miller. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Navid Dijoor
Name of the employee is Huy Nguyen. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Navid Dijoor
Name of the employee is Gediminas Kviesulaitis. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Felix Malldorf
Name of the employee is Theresa Welling. Works is in Corporate Communication department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is George Stanhope
Name of the employee is George Stanhope. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Didem Şinik Arıkan
Name of the employee is Thomas Schmitz. Works is in Communications & Public Affairs department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Didem Şinik Arıkan
Name of the employee is Wojciech Nartowski. Works is in Engineering department as Senior QA Automation Engineer. Manager of the employee is Jonatas Josue Kirsch
Name of the employee is Esra Altınay. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Carecall Specialist. Manager of the employee is Çağla Gülcan
Name of the employee is Yaren Sevda Yılmaz. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Carecall Specialist. Manager of the employee is Çağla Gülcan
Name of the employee is Ahmet Sadık Gülden. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer II - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Ufuk Çatalca
Name of the employee is Kardelen Şahbaz. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Rifat Çağrı Ekin
Name of the employee is Visudha Bathia. Works is in People department as People Services Manager. Manager of the employee is Insia Valika
Name of the employee is Joshua Paul Worthington. Works is in Marketing department as Regional Junior Graphic Designer. Manager of the employee is John Christopher Cottrell
Name of the employee is Sinan Ulusoy. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - iOS - Swift. Manager of the employee is Ufuk Çatalca
Name of the employee is Elif Keskin. Works is in Health & Safety department as Field Safety Specialist. Manager of the employee is Murat Saral
Name of the employee is Selin Kanoğlu. Works is in Commercial department as Category Purchasing Intern. Manager of the employee is Nefise Mehveş Öktem
Name of the employee is Serra Aydın. Works is in Customer department as Knowledge & Insights Specialist. Manager of the employee is Zeynep Nalbantoğlu
Name of the employee is Yasemin Güzelgün. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Reception & Administrative Affairs Specialist. Manager of the employee is Bilge Bilgin
Name of the employee is Sencer Burak Okumus. Works is in GetirFood department as Senior Platform Engineer I. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Camilla Graffione. Works is in People department as People Operations Specialist (DE). Manager of the employee is Sandra Curtin-gallucci
Name of the employee is Vanessa Hempel. Works is in Marketing department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Mireia Navarro López
Name of the employee is Merine Mutitu. Works is in Marketing department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Mireia Navarro López
Name of the employee is Patricia Limiñana Peñas. Works is in People department as People Operations Specialist (DE). Manager of the employee is Sandra Curtin-gallucci
Name of the employee is Bruno Jaime. Works is in Marketing department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Nicholas Gick
Name of the employee is Sandra Stefane. Works is in Customer Services department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Sara Pastura. Works is in People department as People Operations Specialist (DE). Manager of the employee is Sandra Curtin-gallucci
Name of the employee is Jesus David Quintero Aleans. Works is in People department as People Operations Specialist (DE). Manager of the employee is Sandra Curtin-gallucci
Name of the employee is Mariana Iacometti. Works is in People department as Jr People Business Partner. Manager of the employee is Giordano Mettus
Name of the employee is Franco Loresi. Works is in Customer Services department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Hong Van Mai
Name of the employee is Dominik Moesslang. Works is in Customer Services department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Hong Van Mai
Name of the employee is Maria Raszdorf. Works is in Marketing department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Vishal Verma
Name of the employee is Varsha Kashyap. Works is in Legal department as Head of Corp M&A Law. Manager of the employee is Zeynep Ahu Sazcı Uzun
Name of the employee is Maria Ignacia Gajardo Leon. Works is in Customer Services department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Mathias Nahmanovici
Name of the employee is Bharat Sharma. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager NKLLN (DE). Manager of the employee is Karl Seidl
Name of the employee is María Isabel Sánchez Casalins. Works is in Customer Services department as Quality Assurance Specialist (DE). Manager of the employee is Mathias Nahmanovici
Name of the employee is Yagiz Berk Karakaya. Works is in Legal department as Legal Counsel, M&A. Manager of the employee is Zeynep Ahu Sazcı Uzun
Name of the employee is Ricardo Castro. Works is in Operations department as Recruiter (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Laurén Schmidt. Works is in Operations department as MD Street Fleet (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Annija Grosa. Works is in Customer Services department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Julie Bouttier
Name of the employee is Isabella Brito Larsen. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services  Specialist (DE). Manager of the employee is Leyla Sharif
Name of the employee is Mehdi Benali. Works is in Customer Services department as Knowledge Expert (DE). Manager of the employee is Hong Van Mai
Name of the employee is Sergio Scandurra. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services  Specialist (DE). Manager of the employee is Julie Bouttier
Name of the employee is Sarah Meichun Wongstein. Works is in People department as People Operations Specialist (DE). Manager of the employee is Giordano Mettus
Name of the employee is Gillad Shay Scheindling. Works is in Customer Services department as Fraud and Technical Support  (DE) . Manager of the employee is Julie Bouttier
Name of the employee is Max Hampton-fischer. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Karl Seidl
Name of the employee is Jason Fernandes. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Karl Seidl
Name of the employee is Dimitrios Xenos Xenos. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Tilen Jankovic
Name of the employee is Natalia Jurczak. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Karl Seidl
Name of the employee is Ulises Emanuel Ambrico. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Tilen Jankovic
Name of the employee is Paolo Fenu. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Karl Seidl
Name of the employee is Mohamad Karneeb. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Tilen Jankovic
Name of the employee is Damian Phelan Phelan. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Karl Seidl
Name of the employee is Mohammed Dilshad Kezhadath Puthenpeedikakkal. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Karl Seidl
Name of the employee is Raquel Rinder. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Tilen Jankovic
Name of the employee is Bharat Sharma. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Karl Seidl
Name of the employee is Agnese Goba. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Tilen Jankovic
Name of the employee is Jez Dedman. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Tilen Jankovic
Name of the employee is Iuliana Soficaru Soficaru. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Karl Seidl
Name of the employee is Juan Leonardi. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Tilen Jankovic
Name of the employee is Anshul Sharma. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Tilen Jankovic
Name of the employee is Federico Parisi. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Service Specaialist (DE). Manager of the employee is Julie Bouttier
Name of the employee is Arda Mutlu. Works is in Data department as Data Analyst I. Manager of the employee is Ömer Umut
Name of the employee is Yahya Kaan İlkyaz. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Seda Yalçın
Name of the employee is Aytunç Gül. Works is in Product department as UX Writer. Manager of the employee is Umut Can Yurtalan
Name of the employee is Betül Fındık. Works is in Product department as UX Writer. Manager of the employee is Umut Can Yurtalan
Name of the employee is İrem Pilgir. Works is in Commercial department as Category Purchasing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Melis Vural Kadıoğlu
Name of the employee is Mownika Karedla. Works is in People department as Global Compensation Specialist. Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Abhinav Marwah. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Tilen Jankovic
Name of the employee is Martin Greyling. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager Fhain (DE). Manager of the employee is Tilen Jankovic
Name of the employee is Duygu Aksoy. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Digital Marketing Specialist. Manager of the employee is Ekin Coşkun
Name of the employee is Emre Erkorkmaz. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Ramazan Acar (gysem)
Name of the employee is Matthew Hill. Works is in Operations department as Store Manager (DE). Manager of the employee is Karl Seidl
Name of the employee is Gentiana Kolnrekaj. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Service Specialist . Manager of the employee is Mathias Nahmanovici
Name of the employee is Murat Yılmaz. Works is in Indirect Procurement department as Global Technology Procurement Executive. Manager of the employee is Halit Körpe
Name of the employee is Doğancan Kapıcı. Works is in Operations department as Franchise Executive. Manager of the employee is Yunus Emre Kumbasar
Name of the employee is Salih Yalçın. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Engineer I - Android. Manager of the employee is Ali Keskin
Name of the employee is Kutay Sunguroğlu. Works is in Product department as Associate Product Manager. Manager of the employee is Ceren Çimen Demir
Name of the employee is Melike Akdoğan. Works is in Health & Safety department as Safety Development Executive. Manager of the employee is Numan Bilgin
Name of the employee is Chanel Frazer. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Michael Booth
Name of the employee is Brandon Russell. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Michael Booth
Name of the employee is Beatriz Barroso Diez. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Turkay Kurklu
Name of the employee is Azeem Azhar. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Benjamin Lucas
Name of the employee is Tyrell Emmanuel. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Gareth Jenkins
Name of the employee is Sara Mayta Cano. Works is in Operations department as Dictrict Manager. Manager of the employee is Gareth Jenkins
Name of the employee is Ben Davies. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Benjamin Lucas
Name of the employee is Alia Patel. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Turkay Kurklu
Name of the employee is Chinenye Nyenwe. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Gareth Jenkins
Name of the employee is Sian Japal. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Turkay Kurklu
Name of the employee is Saad Ouisso. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Gareth Jenkins
Name of the employee is Paul Barrion. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Gareth Jenkins
Name of the employee is Shah Choudhury. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Gabriel Constantin Prava
Name of the employee is Ramsey Ismail. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Turkay Kurklu
Name of the employee is Matthew Ashemond. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Michael Booth
Name of the employee is David Jenkins. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Sofia Koleva
Name of the employee is John Jaramillo. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Gabriel Constantin Prava
Name of the employee is Daniel Motta. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Gabriel Constantin Prava
Name of the employee is Sajid Sheikh. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Gareth Jenkins
Name of the employee is Tung Nguyen. Works is in Operations department as District Manager. Manager of the employee is Turkay Kurklu
Name of the employee is Luca Zaccarini. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist (DE). Manager of the employee is Julie Bouttier
Name of the employee is Athulya Kaloor. Works is in Customer Services department as Social Media Agent (DE). Manager of the employee is Mireia Navarro López
Name of the employee is Abimbola Adekunle Olatunde. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Representative /  UK. Manager of the employee is Anıl Turhan
Name of the employee is Meli Schlatter. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Service Quality Assurance Specialist (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Patrick Valentin Petersen. Works is in Customer Services department as Social Media Customer Services (DE) . Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Carl Theodor Kiesler. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Service Supervisor DE . Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Yeva Baghdasaryan. Works is in Engineering department as Senior Android Engineer (DE) . Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Kristopher Woodrow. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Service Representative (DE). Manager of the employee is N/A
Name of the employee is Rebecca Lee Doubleday. Works is in Marketing department as Content Strategy Lead (DE). Manager of the employee is Sarah Roach
Name of the employee is Mirko Ciotta. Works is in Customer Services department as Workforce Management Administrator  (DE). Manager of the employee is Burak Artiran
Name of the employee is German Ariel Tosto. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Service Agent France . Manager of the employee is Süleyman Eren
Name of the employee is Mondir Boujemaa. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Service Agent  FR/EN. Manager of the employee is Süleyman Eren
Name of the employee is Asia Butti. Works is in People department as People Operations Specialist (DE). Manager of the employee is Sandra Curtin-gallucci
Name of the employee is Meer Mohtashim. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Service Representative  (DE). Manager of the employee is Mathias Nahmanovici
Name of the employee is Pascal Kurz. Works is in Finance department as Gorillas (DE). Manager of the employee is Clemens Andreas Koebele
Name of the employee is Jennifer Stennei. Works is in People department as Global Senior Director HQ People (DE). Manager of the employee is Insia Valika
Name of the employee is Lina Izougarhane. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Service Representative. Manager of the employee is Süleyman Eren
Name of the employee is Fritz Heße. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Service Agent. Manager of the employee is Leyla Sharif
Name of the employee is Annaleise Miller. Works is in Customer Services department as Knowledge Expert. Manager of the employee is Hong Van Mai
Name of the employee is Carlos Sanvicente Gomar. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Service Agent. Manager of the employee is Julie Bouttier
Name of the employee is Rodrigo Guedes Behrens. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Service Agent. Manager of the employee is Mathias Nahmanovici
Name of the employee is Jacqueline Marie Scheele. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Service Associate. Manager of the employee is Leyla Sharif
Name of the employee is Ojinji Olivia Ihuoma. Works is in Operations department as Knowledge Expert (DE). Manager of the employee is Hong Van Mai
Name of the employee is Branko Ivošević. Works is in Customer Services department as Knowledge Expert. Manager of the employee is Hong Van Mai
Name of the employee is Sara Lull Llopis. Works is in Customer Services department as  Customer service, Technical support and Fraud . Manager of the employee is Julie Bouttier
Name of the employee is Sengül Ertürk. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Service Agent. Manager of the employee is Leyla Sharif
Name of the employee is Elise Justine Manon Laura Ménard. Works is in Quality department as Knowledge Expert. Manager of the employee is Hong Van Mai
Name of the employee is Wilson Omonzokpia. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Service Representative. Manager of the employee is Musa Gündüz
Name of the employee is Jul Maria Kühn. Works is in Customer Services department as Social Media Agent . Manager of the employee is Mireia Navarro López
Name of the employee is Mariana Rosenova Kostova. Works is in Operations department as Property Intern. Manager of the employee is Roberto Abbate
Name of the employee is Georges Khawand. Works is in Operations department as Construction Intern. Manager of the employee is Roberto Abbate
Name of the employee is Joel Taieb. Works is in Commercial department as Commercial Specialist. Manager of the employee is Alberto Moschi
Name of the employee is Nils Eric Stoeber. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Support Agent . Manager of the employee is Leyla Sharif
Name of the employee is Max Butler. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Service Assosiate. Manager of the employee is Susann Juliette Hasani
Name of the employee is Umut Ak. Works is in GetirFinance department as Engineer II - Application Security. Manager of the employee is Bekir Özmen
Name of the employee is Emre Kabasakal. Works is in Engineering department as QA Engineer II. Manager of the employee is İbrahim Hızlıoğlu
Name of the employee is Zeynep Otu. Works is in Engineering department as Engineering Intern - BE - Node.js. Manager of the employee is Doğukan Ocak
Name of the employee is Engin Ömer Şahin. Works is in Supply Chain department as Logistics Specialist. Manager of the employee is Berkay Gedik
Name of the employee is İbrahim Ali Koman. Works is in Health & Safety department as Safety & Training Specialist. Manager of the employee is Numan Bilgin
Name of the employee is Nasip Güven Aydoğdu. Works is in Sales department as Sales & Account Executive. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Asil Akın
Name of the employee is Ekin Coşkun. Works is in Digital Marketing department as Digital Marketing Manager. Manager of the employee is Melin Öztürk
Name of the employee is Oleksandr Buchynskyy. Works is in Operations department as Construction & Facilities Intern. Manager of the employee is Maria Angeles Perez De Arenaza
Name of the employee is Maria Conchita Scannapieco. Works is in Customer Services department as Social Media Agent (DE) . Manager of the employee is Mireia Navarro López
Name of the employee is Venesha Thompson. Works is in Workforce Growth & Engagement department as Global Payroll Systems Manager. Manager of the employee is Thomas Waldman
Name of the employee is Jeffry Rodriguez. Works is in Operation/Support department as Fleet Team Member. Manager of the employee is Harold Brock
Name of the employee is Alper Can Fırat. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Fleet & Administrative Affairs Specialist. Manager of the employee is Zafer Atilla Dalgıç
Name of the employee is Mustafa Yardımcı. Works is in Engineering department as QA Automation Engineer II. Manager of the employee is Wendell Oscar Tobin
Name of the employee is Paul Clarke. Works is in Operations department as Rider Safety Team Member. Manager of the employee is Harold Brock
Name of the employee is Roberto Igor Das Neves Duarte Leal. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Support . Manager of the employee is Julie Bouttier
Name of the employee is Sevim Kücük. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Care Agent. Manager of the employee is Leyla Sharif
Name of the employee is Theodor Otto Brauns. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Service Representative. Manager of the employee is Süleyman Eren
Name of the employee is Elif Tatlıgül. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Derya Çınar Yaslıtaş
Name of the employee is Elif Çirgin. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Derya Çınar Yaslıtaş
Name of the employee is Taner Demir. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Services Specialist. Manager of the employee is Derya Çınar Yaslıtaş
Name of the employee is Ayşe Elif Zanbak Çeçen. Works is in Engineering department as Senior IT Project Manager I. Manager of the employee is Gülşah Yıldırım
Name of the employee is Dilara Sultan Ençkü. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - BE - Go. Manager of the employee is Barış Eser
Name of the employee is Mehmet Umut Aykol. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer I - Android. Manager of the employee is Wendell Oscar Tobin
Name of the employee is Arifcan Özkan. Works is in People department as Digital Learning & Content Specialist. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Mert Önen
Name of the employee is Ayhan Mutlu. Works is in Operations department as Operations Regional Manager. Manager of the employee is Serdar Kuvvet
Name of the employee is Jasmine Alara Tatari. Works is in Health & Safety department as Safety Development Specialist. Manager of the employee is Numan Bilgin
Name of the employee is Burak Emre Çetin. Works is in Legal department as Legal Counsel, Data Privacy. Manager of the employee is Ezgi Akmenek
Name of the employee is Hoi I (kamila) Lui. Works is in People department as Global Recruitment Marketeer. Manager of the employee is Hamza Drine
Name of the employee is Elisa Brousse. Works is in Customer Services department as Customer Service Associate . Manager of the employee is Süleyman Eren
Name of the employee is Esra Baş Konukpay. Works is in Legal department as Senior Legal Counsel, Data Privacy. Manager of the employee is Ezgi Akmenek
Name of the employee is Samira Dahir. Works is in Finance department as Accountants Payable Accountant. Manager of the employee is Katy Fairweather
Name of the employee is Hitesh Nair. Works is in Customer Services department as Dispatcher. Manager of the employee is Nicholas Gick
Name of the employee is Sarp Atasever. Works is in GetirFinance department as Financial Products Intern. Manager of the employee is Gonca Yılmaz Demirağ
Name of the employee is Ercan Toy. Works is in Administrative Affairs & Office Management department as Office Support Staff. Manager of the employee is Halit Öztürk
Name of the employee is Iraklis Ntregkas. Works is in Customer Services department as Dispatcher. Manager of the employee is Nicholas Gick
Name of the employee is Umut Özdemir. Works is in Engineering department as Engineer II - FE - React. Manager of the employee is Enrique Salazar Sebastiani
Name of the employee is Kemal Kurtoğlu. Works is in Supply Chain department as Inventory Controlling Shift Management Specialist. Manager of the employee is Mustafa Çetin (scfsm)
Name of the employee is Burak Bayındır. Works is in Engineering department as Software Support Engineer I. Manager of the employee is Fatih Bademli
Name of the employee is Valéry Lequeux. Works is in Customer Services department as Head of Customer Experience for Gorillas France . Manager of the employee is Robert Nicolas Musikas
